 
<!doctype html public "-//w3c//dtd html 4.0 transitional//en">
<html>
<!-- #BeginTemplate "/Templates/s1-BB2-a.dwt" --> 
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
<meta name="GENERATOR" content="Macromedia Dreamweaver 4">
<!-- #BeginEditable "Page%20Title" --> 
<title>Section A : Daily Business List</title>
<!-- #EndEditable --> 
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../css/parl_1.css" type="text/css">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#FFFFFF" link="#390884" vlink="#800080" alink="#C0C0C0" leftmargin="0" topmargin="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0">
<div align="center"> 
  <center>
    <table BORDER="0" CELLPADDING="2" WIDTH="100%">
      <tr> 
        <td rowspan="6" width="31%"> 
          <p> <a href="../2002.htm">BB 
            Home<br>
            </a><a name="top"></a><a href="../2002.htm"><br>
            </a><a href="../2002.htm"> </a><!-- #BeginEditable "Section%20Links" class="indent" --><a href="bb-06-25.htm">Contents</a><br>
            <a href="bb-06-25a.htm">A: Daily Business</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-06-25b.htm">B: Business Programme</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-06-25c.htm">C: Committee Agendas</a><br>
            <a href="bb-06-25d.htm">D: Oral questions</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-06-25e.htm">E: Written questions</a><br>
            <a href="bb-06-25f.htm">F: Motions and Amendments</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-06-25g.htm">G: Bills</a><br>
            <a href="bb-06-25h.htm">H: New Documents</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-06-25j.htm">J: SPB: Note of Decisions</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-06-25k.htm">K: Progress of Parliamentary business</a> 
            <br>
            <!-- #EndEditable --></p>
        </td>
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td width="69%">&nbsp;<!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB%20ID%20text%7D" --> 
          <h3 align="center">Business Bulletin No. 105/2002</h3>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"><!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB%20header%20text%7D" --> 
          <div align="center"> 
            <h4>Tuesday 25 June 2002</h4>
          </div>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <h4 align="center"><!-- #BeginEditable "Section%20Title" -->Section 
            A : Daily Business List<!-- #EndEditable --></h4>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="bottom"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="31%"> 
          <div align="left"></div>
          &nbsp;&nbsp; </td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> <!-- #BeginEditable "Body%20text" -->
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Meetings of Committees</strong></p>
          <p><strong>All meetings take place in Committee Chambers, Edinburgh 
            unless otherwise indicated.</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Procedures Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>10<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <blockquote>&nbsp;</blockquote>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 9.30 am in Committee Room 4</p>
          <p><a name="AgendaItemText"></a>1.&#9;<strong>Evidence in Formal Committee 
            Meetings: </strong>The Committee will consider a letter from George 
            Reid MSP on behalf of the Conveners Liaison Group (CLG) and hear evidence 
            from representatives of the CLG.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Memorandum from Donald Gorrie: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider a paper.</p>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Parliamentary Questions: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider a draft response to the Executive.</p>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Procedures Committee Annual Report: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider a draft of its Annual Report for 2001-2002.</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Justice 2 Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>25<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <blockquote>&nbsp;</blockquote>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 9.45 am in the Chamber, Assembly Hall, 
            The Mound, Edinburgh</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Land Reform (Scotland) Bill: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider the Bill at Stage 2 (Day 1).</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Items in private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take item 3 in private and consider whether to discuss 
            a revised draft report on the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Bill in 
            private at future meetings.</p>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Criminal Justice (Scotland) Bill: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider a draft report at Stage 1.</p>
          <p>The Committee will continue the meeting, not before 2.00 pm, in G2 
            Cannonball House.</p>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Inquiry into the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal 
            Service (in private): </strong>The Committee will consider a draft 
            report.</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Public Petitions Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>12<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <blockquote>&nbsp;</blockquote>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 10.00 am in Committee Room 2</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>New Petitions: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            the following new petitions&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p><strong>PE519:</strong> Creation of a register of interests of 
              the Scottish judiciary. Mr Duncan Shields will give a presentation 
              in support of this petition.</p>
            <p><strong>PE521: </strong>Equestrian access to land. Ms Zoe Woods 
              will give a presentation in support of this petition.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;PE513: </strong>Future of rural sub post offices.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;PE511: </strong>Review of current bankruptcy statute.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;PE512:</strong> Saltire flag.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;PE515:</strong> Individual MMR injections.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;PE518:</strong> Museum Hall in Bridge of Allan.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;PE520:</strong> Investigation of complaints to the 
              police.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Current Petitions: </strong>The Committee will further 
            consider the following current petitions&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p><strong>PE423: </strong>Water and sewerage services, water rates 
              and fluoridation of water. </p>
            <p><strong>PE425: </strong>Siting of telecommunications masts. </p>
            <p><strong>PE476: </strong>Indecent displays in corner shops.</p>
            <p><strong> PE483: </strong>Review of the membership of the Justice 
              1 Committee.</p>
            <p><strong> PE487: </strong>Engaging young people in the political 
              process.</p>
            <p><strong> PE500: </strong>Scottish Transport Group pension funds.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p><strong> The Committee will also consider the progress of petitions 
            considered at previous Committee meetings.</strong></p>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Inadmissible Petitions: </strong>The Committee will 
            be<strong> </strong>invited to agree the recommendations contained 
            in a paper on inadmissible petitions.</p>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Annual Report: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            its draft annual report.</p>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Convener&#146;s Report.</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Equal Opportunities Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>12<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <blockquote>&nbsp;</blockquote>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 10.15 am in Committee Room 1</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Items in Private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take items 6, 7, 8 and 9 in private.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Items in Private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take items at future meetings on the draft report on its 
            Inquiry into Gender Equality and Best Value, the draft report on the 
            Local Government in Scotland Bill and the draft report on the Debt 
            Arrangement and Attachment (Scotland) Bill in private.</p>
          <p><strong>3.&#9;Inquiry into Gender Equality and Best Value: </strong>The 
            Committee will hear evidence from &#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>Mick Conboy, Lucy Chapman, Commission for Racial Equality.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Inquiry into Gender Equality and Best Value: </strong>The 
            Committee will consider a draft paper on key themes.</p>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Reporters: </strong>The Committee will hear from its 
            Reporters.</p>
          <p>6.&#9;<strong>Mainstreaming Equality in the Work of the Parliamentary 
            Committees: </strong>The Committee will consider draft equality guidelines.</p>
          <p>7.&#9;<strong>Annual Report of the Equal Opportunities Committee: 
            </strong>The Committee will consider a draft Annual Report for the 
            Parliamentary year May 2001 &#150; May 2002.</p>
          <p>8.&#9;<strong>Work Programme: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            a paper on its work programme.</p>
          <p>9.&#9;<strong>Attendance at Meetings of the Committee: </strong>The 
            Committee will consider further the attendance of Tommy Sheridan MSP.</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Subordinate Legislation Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>22<sup>nd</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <blockquote>&nbsp;</blockquote>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 11.15 am in Committee Room 3</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Delegated Powers Scrutiny: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider further the delegated powers provisions in the following 
            Bill&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>Debt Arrangement and Attachment (Scotland) Bill at Stage 1</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>and take evidence from the following Scottish Executive officials&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>&#9;&#9;Laura Dolan, Bill Team Leader</p>
            <p>Kay McCorquodale, Solicitor&#146;s Office.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Executive Responses: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            the responses from the Scottish Executive to points raised on the 
            following&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>The Pesticides (Maximum Residue Levels in Crops, Food and Feeding 
              Stuffs) (Scotland) Amendment Regulations 2002, <strong>(SSI 2002/271)</strong></p>
            <p>The Extensification Payment (Scotland) Regulations 2002, <strong>(SSI 
              2002/278)</strong></p>
            <p>The Animal By-Products (Identification) Amendment (Scotland) Regulations 
              2002, <strong>(SSI 2002/283)</strong></p>
            <p>The Teachers&#146; Superannuation (Scotland) Amendment Regulations 
              2002, <strong>(SSI 2002/288)</strong></p>
            <p>The Bus Service Operators Grant (Scotland) Regulations 2002, <strong>(SSI 
              2002/289)</strong></p>
            <p>The Advisory Council (Establishment) (Scotland) Regulations 2002, 
              <strong>(SSI 2002/293)</strong></p>
            <p>The Transport (Scotland) Act 2001 (Commencement No.3 and Transitional 
              Provisions) Order 2002, <strong>(SSI 2002/291)</strong>.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Instruments subject to annulment: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider further the following&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>The Adults with Incapacity (Specified Medical Treatments) (Scotland) 
              Regulations 2002, <strong>(SSI 2002/275)</strong>.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>and take evidence from the following Scottish Executive officials&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>&#9;James T Brown, Public Health Division, Health Department</p>
            <p>&#9;Fiona Tyrrell, Public Health Division, Health Department</p>
            <p>&#9;Dr John Loudon, Health Department</p>
            <p>&#9;Stuart Foubister, Solicitor&#146;s Office.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Justice 1 Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>27<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <blockquote>&nbsp;</blockquote>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 1.15 pm in Committee Room 4</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Alternatives to Custody Inquiry: </strong>The<strong> 
            </strong>Committee will consider its draft remit for the inquiry.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Annual Report: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            its draft annual report.</p>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Petition: </strong>The Committee will consider the 
            following petition&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>Petition PE514 by Ms Ann Wemyss.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Title Conditions (Scotland) Bill (in private): </strong>The 
            Committee will consider its approach to the Bill.</p>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Prison Estates Review (in private): </strong>The Committee 
            will consider a revised draft Prison Estates Review report.</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Education, Culture and Sport Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>20<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <blockquote>&nbsp;</blockquote>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 1.30 pm in Committee Room 1</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Items in private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take items 2 and 3 in private.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Proposal for a Committee Bill: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider a draft report on a proposal for a Committee Bill to 
            establish a Commissioner for Children and Young People. </p>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Committee Annual Report: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider a draft Annual Report.</p>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Protection of Children: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider its approach to the expected Bill on the protection of children<strong>.</strong></p>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Scottish Media Group: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            a letter from BECTU on regional programming.</p>
          <p>6.&#9;<strong>Scottish Borders Council: </strong>The Committee will 
            note a report by the Controller of Audit to the Accounts Commission. 
          </p>
          <p>7.&#9;<strong>Purposes of Education: </strong>The Committee will 
            take evidence from&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>CBI Scotland</p>
            <p>Graham Leicester, Scottish Council Foundation</p>
            <p>Tristan Leicester, Scottish Council Foundation</p>
            <p>James McCormick, Scottish Council Foundation</p>
            <p>Andrew Brookes, Action of Churches Together in Scotland Education 
              Group</p>
            <p>John Oates, Action of Churches Together in Scotland Education Group</p>
            <p>Jack Laidlaw, Action of Churches Together in Scotland Education 
              Group</p>
            <p>Colin Brown, Action of Churches Together in Scotland Education 
              Group</p>
            <p>Dianne Wolfson, Scottish Interfaith Council</p>
            <p>Serwan Bhogal, Scottish Interfaith Council</p>
            <p>Alex Reid, Scottish Interfaith Council</p>
            <p>Chris Foxon, Scottish Interfaith Council.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Rural Development Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>17<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <blockquote>&nbsp;</blockquote>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 1.30 pm in Committee Room 3</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Integrated Rural Development:</strong> The Committee 
            will take evidence on its inquiry into integrated rural development 
            from&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>Denise Walton (Borders Foundation for Rural Sustainability)</p>
            <p>Jim Hume (Borders Foundation for Rural Sustainability).</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Integrated Rural Development:</strong> The Committee 
            will take evidence on its inquiry into integrated rural development 
            from&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>Ross Finnie MSP (Minister for Environment and Rural Development).</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Rural Development Programme: </strong>The Committee 
            will take evidence on proposed changes to the Scottish Rural Development 
            Programme from&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>Ross Finnie MSP (Minister for Environment and Rural Development).</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Integrated Rural Development:</strong> The Committee 
            will consider a paper from Reporters regarding their visit to Colonsay.</p>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Subordinate Legislation: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider the following instruments under the negative procedure&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>The TSE (Scotland) Regulations 2002 (SSI 2002/255)</p>
            <p>The Loch Caolisport Scallops Several Fishery (Scotland) Order 2002 
              (SSI 2002/272)</p>
            <p>The Plant Protection Products Amendment (No.2) (Scotland) Regulations 
              2002 (SSI 2002/279).</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Audit Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>10<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <blockquote>&nbsp;</blockquote>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 2.00 pm in Committee Room 2</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Overview of Further Education Colleges in Scotland 
            2000/2001 (in private): </strong>The Committee will consider lines 
            of questioning to be put to the witnesses at agenda item 3.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Item in Private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take agenda item 5 in private.</p>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Overview of Further Education Colleges in Scotland 
            2000/2001: </strong>The Committee will take evidence from &#150; </p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>Mr John Burt, Principal, Angus College;</p>
            <p>Mr Matt Mochar, Principal, Clydebank College;</p>
            <p>Mr James Skinner, Chairman, Clydebank College Board of Management;</p>
            <p>Dr Graeme Clark, Principal, Inverness College;</p>
            <p>Mr Phillip Hamilton-Grieson, Chairman, Inverness College Board 
              of Management,</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>on the report by the Auditor General for Scotland entitled &#145;Overview 
            of Further Education Colleges in Scotland 2000/2001&#146; (AGS/2002/2).</p>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Meeting of the Convener with Members of the European 
            Court of Auditors and the European Parliament: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider a paper reporting on the recent meetings held between 
            the Convener and members of the European Court of Auditors and the 
            Budgetary Control Committee of the European Parliament. </p>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Committee Work Programme: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider a paper on its work schedule for autumn 2002. </p>
          <p>6.&#9;<strong>Overview of Further Education Colleges in Scotland 
            2000/2001(in private): </strong>The Committee will consider the evidence 
            taken at agenda item 3 and further arrangements for its inquiry. </p>
          <p>7.&#9;<strong>Public Accounts (in private): </strong>The Committee 
            will consider a draft report on its inquiry into the 2000/01 accounts 
            for the Scottish Prison Service; Scottish Natural Heritage; Scottish 
            Homes and the Scottish Qualifications Authority. </p>
          <p>8.&#9;<strong>Annual Report of the Audit Committee (in private): 
            </strong>The Committee will consider a draft annual report for the 
            parliamentary year 12 May 2001 to 11 May 2002. </p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Local Government Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>19<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <blockquote>&nbsp;</blockquote>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 2.00 pm in the Chamber, Assembly Hall, 
            the Mound, Edinburgh</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Items in Private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take items 3, 4, 5 and 6 in private.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Local Government in Scotland Bill: </strong>The Committee 
            will take evidence on the general principles of the Bill at Stage 
            1 from&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>Scottish Executive:</p>
            <p>Peter Peacock, MSP, Deputy Minister for Finance and Public Services</p>
            <p>Ian Mitchell, Head of Branch, Local Government Constitution and 
              Governance Division</p>
            <p>Mary Newman, Head of Branch, Local Government Finance and Performance 
              Division</p>
            <p>Gillian Russell, Senior Principal Legal Officer, Office of the 
              Solicitor to the Scottish Executive.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Local Government in Scotland Bill: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider its conclusions on the Bill.</p>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Public Appointments and Public Bodies etc. (Scotland) 
            Bill: </strong>The Committee will consider proposals for consideration 
            of the Bill at Stage 1.</p>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Dog Fouling (Scotland) Bill: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider proposals for consideration of the Bill at Stage 1.</p>
          <p>6.&#9;<strong>Annual Report: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            its draft annual report.</p>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="31%">&nbsp;</td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <p><a href="#top">Top</a></p>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </center>
</div>
</body>
<!-- #EndTemplate -->
</html>
