 
<!doctype html public "-//w3c//dtd html 4.0 transitional//en">
<html>
<!-- #BeginTemplate "/Templates/s1-BB2-e.dwt" --> 
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
<meta name="GENERATOR" content="Macromedia Dreamweaver 4">
<!-- #BeginEditable "Page%20Title" --> 
<title>Section E : Written questions</title>
<!-- #EndEditable --> 
<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://intranet/Internet/business/businessBulletin/bb-01/../../../../css/parl_1.css" type="text/css">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#FFFFFF" link="#390884" vlink="#800080" alink="#C0C0C0" leftmargin="0" topmargin="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0">
<div align="center"> 
  <center>
    <table BORDER="0" CELLPADDING="2" WIDTH="100%">
      <tr> 
        <td rowspan="6" width="31%"> 
          <p> <a href="../2001.htm">BB 
            Home<br>
            </a><a name="top"></a><a href="../2001.htm"><br>
            </a><a href="../2001.htm"> </a><!-- #BeginEditable "Section%20Links" class="indent" --><a href="bb-09-04.htm">Contents</a><br>
            <a href="bb-09-04a.htm">A: Daily Business</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-09-04b.htm">B: Business Programme</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-09-04c.htm">C: Committee Agendas</a><br>
            <a href="bb-09-04d.htm">D: Oral questions</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-09-04e.htm">E: Written questions</a><br>
            <a href="bb-09-04f.htm">F: Motions and Amendments</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-09-04g.htm">G: Bills</a><br>
            <a href="bb-09-04h.htm">H: New Documents</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-09-04j.htm">J: SPB: Note of Decisions</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-09-04k.htm">K: Progress of Parliamentary business</a> 
            <br>
            <!-- #EndEditable --></p>
        </td>
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td width="69%">&nbsp;<!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB%20ID%20text%7D" --> 
          <h3 align="center">Business Bulletin No. 122/2001</h3>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"><!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB%20header%20text%7D" --> 
          <div align="center"> 
            <h4>Tuesday 4 September 2001</h4>
          </div>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <h4 align="center"><!-- #BeginEditable "Section%20Title" -->Section 
            E : Written questions lodged on Monday 3 September 2001<!-- #EndEditable --></h4>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="bottom"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="31%"> 
          <div align="left"></div>
          &nbsp;&nbsp; </td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> <!-- #BeginEditable "Body%20text" --> 
          <p><strong>S1W-17884 Mr Keith Harding:</strong> To ask the Scottish 
            Executive what the cost was of the DTZ Pieda research project on a 
            community ownership information pack carried out on its behalf.</p>
          <p> <strong>S1W-17885 Mrs Margaret Ewing:</strong> To ask the Scottish 
            Executive when it intends to reschedule the cancelled exhibition on 
            the planned Fochabers/Mosstodloch bypass and what the reasons were 
            for the cancellation of this exhibition</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17886 Mrs Margaret Ewing: </strong>To ask the Scottish 
            Executive when it expects work to commence on the lowering of kerbs 
            in the High Street, Fochabers.</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17887 Mrs Margaret Ewing: </strong>To ask the Scottish 
            Executive whether there have been any delays in issuing draft orders 
            in relation to the planned Fochabers/Mosstodloch bypass and what the 
            reasons have been for any such delays.</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17888 George Lyon:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive, 
            further to the answer to question S1W-15269 by Ross Finnie on 8 May 
            2001, whether the information requested on a breakdown of the payments 
            made to farmers and crofters in the Argyll and Bute constituency under 
            the new Less Favoured Area scheme for this year is now available and, 
            if so, whether it will now provide it and, if not, whether it has 
            any plans in the future to collect this information.</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17889 Dr Elaine Murray:</strong> To ask the Scottish 
            Executive what legislation, including subordinate legislation, exists 
            to control the exterior decoration of properties.</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17890 Mr John Farquhar Munro:</strong> To ask the Scottish 
            Executive what role it expects to play in improving and maintaining 
            affordable air links from the Highlands and Islands to major urban 
            centres.</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17891 Mr John Farquhar Munro:</strong> To ask the Scottish 
            Executive what representations it has made to British Regional Air 
            Lines about a possible reduction in air services between Inverness 
            and Gatwick.</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17892 Fergus Ewing: </strong>To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what steps it has taken or plans to take to address any animal welfare 
            issues this autumn resulting from the animal movement restrictions 
            and lack of auction sales and whether it will provide any assistance 
            for the purchase of additional fodder or other purposes.</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17893 Fergus Ewing:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what support it will provide for the disposal of venison carcasses 
            and whether it will provide additional support for the marketing of 
            Scottish wild venison throughout the UK.</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17894 Fergus Ewing:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            whether it will support the campaign to relocate the Scottish Arts 
            Council to Inverness.</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17895 Fergus Ewing:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            how many civil service or non-departmental public body jobs have been 
            relocated to Inverness since May 1999.</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17896 Fergus Ewing: </strong>To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what plans it has to relocate civil servants to Inverness.</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17897 Fergus Ewing:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what plans it has to relocate any executive agencies or non-departmental 
            public bodies either in whole or in part to Inverness.</p>
          <p><strong>S1W-17898 Fiona McLeod: </strong>To ask the Scottish Executive 
            whether there is any recorded incidence of wind farms interfering 
            with airport radar.<br>
          </p>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="31%">&nbsp;</td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <p><a href="#top">Top</a></p>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </center>
</div>
</body>
<!-- #EndTemplate -->
</html>
