 
<!doctype html public "-//w3c//dtd html 4.0 transitional//en">
<html><!-- #BeginTemplate "/Templates/BB2-a.dwt" --><!-- DW6 -->
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
<meta name="GENERATOR" content="Macromedia Dreamweaver 4">
<!-- #BeginEditable "Page Title" --> 
<title>Section A : Daily Business List</title>
<!-- #EndEditable -->

<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../css/parl_1.css" type="text/css">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#FFFFFF" link="#390884" vlink="#800080" alink="#C0C0C0" leftmargin="0" topmargin="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0">
<div align="center"> 
  <center>
    <table BORDER="0" CELLPADDING="2" WIDTH="100%">
      <tr> 
        <td rowspan="6" width="31%"> 
          <p> <a href="../index.htm">BB Home<br>
            </a><br>
            <!-- #BeginEditable "Section Links" --> <a href="bb-09-17.htm">Contents</a><br>
            <a href="bb-09-17an.htm">Announcements</a><br>
            <a href="bb-09-17a.htm">A : Daily Business List</a><br>
            <a href="bb-09-17b.htm">B : Business Programme</a><br>
            <a href="bb-09-17e.htm">E : Written questions lodged</a><br>
            <a href="bb-09-17f.htm">F : Motions and Amendments</a><br>
            <a href="bb-09-17g.htm">G : Bills: Notices and Amendments</a><br>
            <a href="bb-09-17h.htm">H : New Documents</a><br>
            <a href="bb-09-17k.htm">K : Progress of Parliamentary Business</a> 
            <br>
            <!-- #EndEditable --></p>
        </td>
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/graphics/ctte/purp-bar.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td width="69%"><!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB ID text%7D" --> 
          <h3 align="center">Business Bulletin No. 120 / 2003</h3>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"><!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB header text%7D" --> 
          <div align="center"> 
            <h4>Wednesday 17th September 2003</h4>
          </div>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/graphics/ctte/purp-bar.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <h4 align="center"><!-- #BeginEditable "Section Title" -->Section 
            A : Daily Business List<!-- #EndEditable --></h4>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/graphics/ctte/purp-bar.gif" width="500" height="5" align="bottom"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="31%"> 
          <div align="left"></div>
          &nbsp;&nbsp; </td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> <!-- #BeginEditable "Body text" --> 
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Meetings of Committees</strong></p>
          <p><strong>All meetings take place in Committee Chambers, Edinburgh 
            unless otherwise indicated.</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Environment and Rural Development Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>5<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2003</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 9.30 am in the Chamber, Assembly Hall, 
            The Mound, Edinburgh</p>
          <p><a name="AgendaItemText"></a>1.&#9;<strong>Item in private: </strong>The 
            Committee will consider whether to take item 3 in private.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>National Waste Plan inquiry: </strong>The Committee 
            will take evidence from&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p> Alan Farquhar, Waste Strategy Area Co-ordinator, Calum MacDonald, 
              Acting Director of Strategic Planning and Joanna Muse, Waste and 
              Resources Manager, SEPA</p>
            <p>Councillor Russell Imrie and Councillor Alison Hay, COSLA</p>
            <p>Alan Millar, Principal Waste Management Officer, Argyll and Bute 
              Council</p>
            <p>Ian Galbraith, Waste Disposal/Recycling Manager, Environmental 
              Protection Services, Glasgow City Council</p>
            <p>Dan Barlow and Richard Dixon, Scottish Environment Link</p>
            <p>Penny Cousins, Chief Executive, Forward Scotland.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Sustainable development: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider a proposal for external research.</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Justice 1 Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>5<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2003</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 9.45 am in Committee Room 1</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Item in private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take item 2 in private.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Justice and home affairs in Europe: </strong>The Committee 
            will discuss lines of questioning for witnesses.</p>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Subordinate legislation: </strong>Hugh Henry MSP (Deputy 
            Minister for Justice) to move the following motions&#151;</p>
          <p>S2M-260<strong> </strong>Cathy Jamieson: The Draft Advice and Assistance 
            (Assistance By Way of Representation) (Scotland) Amendment Regulations 
            2003&#151;That the Justice 1 Committee, in consideration of the draft 
            Advice and Assistance (Assistance by Way of Representation) (Scotland) 
            Amendment Regulations 2003, recommends that the regulations be approved;</p>
          <p>S2M-261<strong> </strong>Cathy Jamieson: The Draft Scotland Act 1998 
            (Transfer of Functions to Scottish Ministers etc.) (No.2) Order 2003&#151;That 
            the Justice 1 Committee, in consideration of the draft Scotland Act 
            1998 (Transfer of Functions to the Scottish Ministers etc.) (No.2) 
            Order 2003, recommends that the order be approved.</p>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Justice and Home Affairs in Europe: </strong>The Committee 
            will take evidence from&#151;</p>
          <p>Mr Colin Imrie, Head of the Access to Justice Division, and Ms Louise 
            Miller, Head of Branch 2, Civil Justice International Division, Scottish 
            Executive.</p>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Work programme: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            its forward work programme.</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Communities Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>3<sup>rd</sup> Meeting, 2003</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 10.00 am in the Hub, Castlehill, Edinburgh</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Debt arrangement scheme: </strong>The Committee will 
            take evidence on the Scottish Executive draft regulations from&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>Laura Dolan, Access to Justice Division, Diligence Team and</p>
            <p>Andy Crawley, Office of the Solicitor to the Scottish Executive.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Budget process 2004-05: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider its approach.</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Public Petitions Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>4<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2003</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 10.00 am in Committee Room 2</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>New Petitions: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            the following new petitions&#151;<br>
            <strong>PE636: </strong>Handling of complaints relating to the legal 
            system. Krystyna Ost will make a presentation in support of this petition.</p>
          <p><strong>PE642: </strong>Lifeline bus services. Christine Grahame 
            MSP will make a presentation in support of this petition.</p>
          <p><strong>PE644:</strong> Domestic abuse policy. Keith Cowan (Outright 
            Scotland) will make a presentation in support of this petition.</p>
          <p><strong>PE648:</strong> Portable oxygen and pulmonary rehabilitation 
            programmes. Andrew Powrie-Smith (British Lung Foundation Scotland) 
            will make a presentation in support of this petition.</p>
          <p><strong>PE645:</strong> Control of odours from waste water treatment 
            works.</p>
          <p><strong>PE646:</strong> Proposal to amend licensing legislation.</p>
          <p><strong>PE653:</strong> Proposed relocation of Scottish Agricultural 
            College Education and Research Services.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Current Petitions: </strong>The Committee will further 
            consider the following current petitions&#151;</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>&#9;&#9;<strong>PE408: </strong>Support for victims of crime.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;&#9;PE445:</strong> Skye Bridge.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;&#9;PE447:</strong> Social inclusion partnerships.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;&#9;PE469:</strong> The water industry in Scotland.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;&#9;PE572:</strong> Provision of respite homes for 
              sufferers of multiple sclerosis.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;&#9;PE610:</strong> Conditions of acquisition of legal 
              aid certificates.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;&#9;PE612:</strong> Effects of disciplined fitness 
              on children&#146;s health.</p>
            <p><strong>&#9;&#9;PE615:</strong> Funding of renewable energy projects.</p>
          </blockquote>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Convener&#146;s report.</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Justice 1 Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>6<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2003</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 12.45 pm in Committee Room 1, to consider 
            jointly, with the Justice 2 Committee, the following item:</p>
          <p><strong>1.&#9;Budget process 2004-05 (private): </strong>The Committees 
            will discuss witnesses for the budget process 2004-05.</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Justice 2 Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>6<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2003</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 12.45 pm in Committee Room 1, to consider 
            jointly, with the Justice 1 Committee, the following item:</p>
          <p><strong>1.&#9;Budget process 2004-05 (private): </strong>The Committees 
            will discuss witnesses for the budget process 2004-05.</p>
          <p align="CENTER"></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Meeting of the Parliament</strong></p>
          
                    <blockquote> 
                      <p>2.30 pm&#9;Time for Reflection &#150; Morag Mylne, Vice 
                        Convener of the Church and Nation Committee of the Church 
                        of Scotland</p>
                      <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</p>
                    
          </blockquote>
          <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;&#9; Debate on Review of Licensing Laws&#151;</p>
          <p><strong>S2M-339</strong> <strong>Cathy Jamieson:</strong> <strong>Review 
            of Licensing Laws</strong>&#151;That the Parliament welcomes the opportunity 
            to debate the Nicholson Committee's recommendations following the 
            review of Scotland's liquor licensing laws and endorses the proposed 
            legislative principles for a new licensing system, of the prevention 
            of crime or disorder, the promotion of public safety, the prevention 
            of public nuisance, the promotion of health and the protection of 
            children from harm.</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>The Presiding Officer has selected the following amendments</p>
              <p><strong>S2M-339.2</strong> <strong>Nicola Sturgeon: Review of 
                Licensing Laws</strong>&#151;As an amendment to motion (S2M-339) 
                in the name of Cathy Jamieson, insert at end &quot;and notes further 
                that the misuse of alcohol has a disproportionate effect on those 
                living in Scotland&#146;s most deprived areas and calls on the 
                Scottish Executive to complement any legislative change resulting 
                from the Nicholson Committee&#146;s proposals with initiatives 
                to tackle the poverty in Scotland that often results in alcohol 
                misuse.&quot;</p>
              <p><strong>S2M-339.3</strong> <strong>Mr Brian Monteith: Review 
                of Licensing Laws</strong>&#151;As an amendment to motion (S2M-339) 
                in the name of Cathy Jamieson, insert at end &quot;and believes 
                that bringing about a change in cultural attitudes to alcohol 
                consumption through individuals taking responsibility for their 
                actions must therefore be a key aim of any legislative change.&quot;</p>
            </blockquote>
          </blockquote>
          <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions &#151;</p>
          <p><strong>S2M-357</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of the 
            Parliamentary Bureau: Business Motion</strong>&#151;That the Parliament 
            agrees the following programme of business&#151;</p>
          <p>Wednesday 24 September 2003</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>2.30 pm&#9;Time for Reflection</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Executive Debate on Better Behaviour 
                &#150; Better Learning</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</p>
              <p>5.00 pm&#9;Decision Time</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Members' Business</p>
                </blockquote>
          </blockquote>
          <p>Thursday 25 September 2003</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>9.30 am&#9;Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party Business</p>
              <p>12 noon&#9;First Minister's Question Time</p>
              <p>2.30 pm&#9;Question Time</p>
              <p>3.10 pm&#9;Executive Debate on the Scottish National Theatre</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Motion on Executive&#146;s Nominations 
                to the Committee of the Regions</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Business Motion</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</p>
              <p>5.00 pm&#9;Decision Time</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Members' Business </p>
                      </blockquote>
          </blockquote>
          <p>Wednesday 1 October 2003</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>2.30 pm&#9;Time for Reflection</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Equal Opportunities Committee 1<sup>st</sup> 
                Report 2003 &#150; Mainstreaming Equality in the Work of the Committees 
                of the Scottish Parliament</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</p>
              <p>5.00 pm&#9;Decision Time</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Members' Business </p>
			  </blockquote> 
            </blockquote> 
              <p>Thursday 2 October 2003</p>
			<blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>9.30 am&#9;Executive Debate on Anti-Social Behaviour </p>
              <p>12 noon&#9;First Minister's Question Time</p>
              <p>2.30 pm&#9;Question Time</p>
              <p>3.10 pm&#9;Continuation of Executive Debate on Anti-Social Behaviour</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Business Motion</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</p>
              <p>5.00 pm&#9;Decision Time</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Members' Business </p>
                      </blockquote>
          </blockquote>
          <p><strong>S2M-350</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of the 
            Parliamentary Bureau:</strong> <strong>Approval of SSIs</strong>&#151;That 
            the Parliament agrees that the Draft Code of Recommendations for the 
            Welfare of Livestock: Pigs (SE/2003/173) be approved.</p>
          <p><strong>S2M-351</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of the 
            Parliamentary Bureau:</strong> <strong>Approval of SSIs</strong>&#151;That 
            the Parliament agrees that the Draft Code of Recommendations for the 
            Welfare of Livestock: Cattle (SE/2003/175) be approved.</p>
          <p><strong>S2M-352</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of the 
            Parliamentary Bureau:</strong> <strong>Approval of SSIs</strong>&#151;That 
            the Parliament agrees that the draft Welfare of Farmed Animals (Scotland) 
            Amendment Regulations 2003 be approved.</p>
          <p><strong>S2M-353</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of the 
            Parliamentary Bureau:</strong> <strong>Approval of SSIs</strong>&#151;That 
            the Parliament agrees that the draft Housing Grants (Assessment of 
            Contributions) (Scotland) Regulations 2003 be approved.</p>
          <p><strong>S2M-354</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of the 
            Parliamentary Bureau:</strong> <strong>Approval of SSIs</strong>&#151;That 
            the Parliament agrees that the draft Housing Grants (Minimum Percentage 
            Grant) (Scotland) Regulations 2003 be approved.</p>
          <p><strong>S2M-355</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of the 
            Parliamentary Bureau:</strong> <strong>Approval of SSIs</strong>&#151;That 
            the Parliament agrees that the the draft Civic Government (Scotland) 
            Act 1982 (Licensing of Houses in Multiple Occupation) Amendment Order 
            2003 be approved.</p>
          <p><strong>S2M-356 Patricia Ferguson on behalf of the Parliamentary 
            Bureau: Committee Substitutes</strong>&#151;That the Parliament agrees 
            the following nominated committee substitutes, as permitted under 
            Rule 6.3A&#151;</p>
          <p><strong>Liberal Democrat Party</strong></p>
          <p>Communities Committee&#9;&#9;&#9;Mike Rumbles</p>
          <p>Education Committee&#9;&#9;&#9;Jamie Stone</p>
          <p>Enterprise and Culture Committee&#9;George Lyon</p>
          <p>European and External Relations Committee&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;Nora 
            Radcliffe</p>
          <p>Environment and Rural Development Committee&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;Jeremy 
            Purvis</p>
          <p>Finance Committee&#9;&#9;&#9;Iain Smith</p>
          <p>Health Committee&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;Robert Brown</p>
          <p>Justice 1 Committee&#9;&#9;&#9;Mike Pringle</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>Justice 2 Committee&#9;&#9;&#9;Margaret Smith</p>
            </blockquote>
          </blockquote>
          <p>Local Government and Transport Committee&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;John 
            Farquhar Munro</p>
          <p>Procedures Committee&#9;&#9;&#9;Mr Keith Raffan</p>
          <blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>5.00 pm&#9;Decision Time</p>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Members' Business</p>
              <p>debate on the subject of&#151;</p>
              <p><strong>S2M-255</strong> <strong>Mrs Margaret Ewing:</strong> 
                <strong>Elgin Bypass</strong>&#151;That the Parliament considers 
                that Moray Council should make full representations to the Scottish 
                Executive regarding proposals for an Elgin bypass; notes the economic 
                benefits to Elgin and the north-east of Scotland as a whole that 
                a bypass would bring, and further notes the overwhelming public 
                support for such a project.</p>
            </blockquote>
          </blockquote>
                <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td valign="top" width="31%">&nbsp;</td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"><p><a href="#top">Top</a></p></td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </center>
</div>
</body>
<!-- #EndTemplate --></html>
