 
<!doctype html public "-//w3c//dtd html 4.0 transitional//en">
<html><!-- #BeginTemplate "/Templates/BB2-a.dwt" --><!-- DW6 -->
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
<meta name="GENERATOR" content="Macromedia Dreamweaver 4">
<!-- #BeginEditable "Page Title" --> 
<title>Section A : Daily Business List</title>
<!-- #EndEditable -->

<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../css/parl_1.css" type="text/css">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#FFFFFF" link="#390884" vlink="#800080" alink="#C0C0C0" leftmargin="0" topmargin="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0">
<div align="center"> 
  <center>
    <table BORDER="0" CELLPADDING="2" WIDTH="100%">
      <tr> 
        <td rowspan="6" width="31%"> 
          <p> <a href="../index.htm">BB Home<br>
            </a><br>
            <!-- #BeginEditable "Section Links" --><a href="bb-03-31.htm">Contents</a><br>
            <a href="bb-03-31a.htm">A : Daily Business List</a><br>
            <a href="bb-03-31b.htm">B : Business Programme</a><br>
            <a href="bb-03-31c.htm">C : Agendas of Committee Meetings</a><br>
            <a href="bb-03-31e.htm">E : Written questions lodged</a><br>
            <a href="bb-03-31f.htm">F : Motions and Amendments</a><br>
            <a href="bb-03-31g.htm">G : Bills: Notices and Amendments</a><br>
            <a href="bb-03-31h.htm">H : New Documents</a><br>
            <a href="bb-03-31k.htm">K : Progress of Parliamentary Business</a><br>
            <!-- #EndEditable --></p>
        </td>
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/graphics/ctte/purp-bar.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td width="69%"><!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB ID text%7D" --> 
          <h3 align="center">Business Bulletin No. 59 / 2004</h3>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"><!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB header text%7D" --> 
          <div align="center"> 
            <h4>Wednesday 31st March 2004</h4>
          </div>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/graphics/ctte/purp-bar.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <h4 align="center"><!-- #BeginEditable "Section Title" -->Section 
            A : Daily Business List<!-- #EndEditable --></h4>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/graphics/ctte/purp-bar.gif" width="500" height="5" align="bottom"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="31%"> 
          <div align="left"></div>
          &nbsp;&nbsp; </td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> <!-- #BeginEditable "Body text" --> 
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>Meetings of Committees</strong></P>
          <p><strong>All meetings take place in Committee Chambers, Edinburgh 
            unless otherwise indicated.</strong></P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>Education Committee</strong></P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>11<SUP>th</SUP> Meeting, 2004</strong></P>
          <P>The Committee will meet at 9.45 am in Committee Room 3</P>
          <p><A NAME="AgendaItemText"></a>1.&#9;<strong>Items in private: </strong>The 
            Committee will consider whether to take item 5 in private.</P>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Subordinate legislation: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider the following instrument under negative procedures-</P>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>the Teachers' Superannuation (Scotland) Amendment Regulations 2004, 
              (SSI 2004/89).</P>
          </blockquote>
          <P>and take evidence from Christine Mair and David Weir, Scottish Public 
            Pensions Agency</P>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Child protection inquiry: </strong>The Committee will 
            take evidence from-</P>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>Michael Byers, Information Development Officer, John Stevenson, 
              Practice Team Manager, Children and Families, Stephen Smellie, Staff 
              Development Officer, Ronnie Stevenson, Social Worker, Children and 
              Families, UNISON; and</P>
            <p>Jackie Robeson, Head of Practice, Scottish Children's Reporters 
              Administration.</P>
          </blockquote>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Scottish Qualifications Authority: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider correspondence concerning the SQA.</P>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Witness expenses: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            a claim for witness expenses.</P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>Justice 1 Committee</strong></P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>13<SUP>th</SUP> Meeting, 2004</strong></P>
          <P>The Committee will meet at 10.00 am in the Chamber, Assembly Hall, 
            The Mound, Edinburgh</P>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Protection from Abuse (Scotland) Act 2001: </strong>The 
            Committee will consider its approach to post-legislative scrutiny 
            of the Act.</P>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Transparency of legal fees: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider recent correspondence to the Convener.</P>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Security of tenure and rights of access: </strong>The 
            Committee will consider recent correspondence relating to security 
            of tenure and rights of access for those who own property built on 
            leased land.</P>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Children (Scotland) Act 1995: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider access to rights under the Act.</P>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Civil partnership registration: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider its approach to scrutiny of forthcoming legislation 
            in respect of registering civil partnerships for same-sex couples.</P>
          <p>6.&#9;<strong>Emergency Workers (Scotland) Bill: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider its approach to consideration of the Bill at stage 1.</P>
          <p>7.&#9;<strong>Annual report: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            its draft annual report.</P>
          <p>8.&#9;<strong>Procedures Committee inquiry on timescales and stages 
            of Bills: </strong>The Committee will consider correspondence from 
            the Convener of the Procedures&nbsp;Committee.</P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>Public Petitions Committee</strong></P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>6<SUP>th</SUP> Meeting, 2004</strong></P>
          <P>The Committee will meet at 10.00 am in Committee Room 1</P>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Items in private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take items 5 and 6 in private.</P>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>New Petitions: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            the following new petitions-</P>
          <blockquote> 
            <P><strong>PE719:</strong> Local government finance. Elizabeth Duncan 
              will make a brief statement in support of this petition, accompanied 
              by John Wilson and Phyllis Heriot.</P>
            <P><strong>PE716: </strong>Aberdeenshire harbours. Robert Stephen 
              will make a brief statement in support of this petition, accompanied 
              by Stella Stephen.</P>
            <P><strong>PE710:</strong> Consideration of planning applications 
              in areas of historical and cultural significance.</P>
            <P><strong>PE713:</strong> Consideration of public petitions by local 
              authorities and public bodies.</P>
            <P><strong>PE720: </strong>Declaration by the judiciary of membership 
              of the Freemasons.</P>
            <P><strong>PE718:</strong> Provision of maternity services in Scotland's 
              island and rural communities.</P>
          </blockquote>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Current Petitions: </strong>The Committee will further 
            consider the following current petitions-</P>
          <blockquote> 
            <p><strong>PE643: </strong>Public consultation on proposed hospital 
              closures.</P>
            <p><strong>PE707: </strong>Consultation on the configuration of health 
              services.</P>
            <p><strong>PE574: </strong>Call for an investigation into management 
              practices at Central College of Commerce.</P>
            <P><strong>PE583: </strong>Inquiry into the governance and management 
              of Scotland's further education colleges.</P>
            <p><strong>PE631: </strong>Effect on individuals prescribed neuroleptic 
              drugs as children.</P>
            <p><strong>PE638: </strong>Prescribing of vitamin supplements by the 
              NHS.</P>
            <p><strong>PE639: </strong>Storage and dispensing of NHS prescribed 
              drugs in schools.</P>
            <p><strong>PE640: </strong>Prescribing of neuroleptic and similar 
              drugs to children.</P>
            <P><strong>PE663: </strong>Support services for parents of children 
              with learning/behavioural problems.</P>
            <p><strong>PE667: </strong>Alleged discrimination against convicted 
              sex offenders.</P>
            <P><strong>PE675: </strong>Long-term imprisonment of convicted sex 
              offenders in HMP Peterhead.</P>
            <p><strong>PE683: </strong>Annual Audit of Public Expenditure.</P>
            <p><strong>PE689: </strong>Availability of consultant-led maternity 
              services.</P>
            <p><strong>PE703: </strong>Review of Historic Scotland.</P>
          </blockquote>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Committee Event: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            a paper from the Clerk in relation to hosting a committee event aimed 
            at promoting the public petitions system.</P>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Annual report: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            a draft Annual Report.</P>
          <p>6.&#9;<strong>Consideration of Petitions: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider a paper from the Clerk in relation to the consideration 
            of petitions.</P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>Communities Committee</strong></P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>14<SUP>th</SUP> Meeting, 2004</strong></P>
          <P>The Committee will meet at 10.30 am in Committee Room 2</P>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Item in private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take item 5 in private.</P>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Subordinate legislation: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider the following negative instruments-</P>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>the Housing (Scotland) Act 2001 (Alteration of Housing Finance 
              Arrangements) Order 2004, (SSI 2004/105);</P>
            <p>the Housing (Scotland) Act 2001 (Payments out of Grants for Housing 
              Support Services) Amendment Order 2004, (SSI 2004/108).</P>
          </blockquote>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Petitions: </strong>The Committee will consider the 
            following petitions-</P>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>PE447 by Mr Gregor McIntyre on local community projects;</P>
            <p>PE541 by Dr James S. Buchanan (on behalf of the Roslin Community 
              Action Group) on landfill and waste management;</P>
            <p>PE543 by Karen Whitefield MSP on landfill and waste management;</P>
            <P>PE650 by Alison Mackay (on behalf of NO 2 TETRA) on TETRA communication 
              masts in Scotland.</P>
          </blockquote>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Budget process 2005-06: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider a briefing from Professor Arthur Midwinter, Budget Adviser 
            to the Finance Committee.</P>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Work programme: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            its work programme. </P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>Environment and Rural Development Committee</strong></P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>10<SUP>th</SUP> Meeting, 2004</strong></P>
          <P>The Committee will meet at 10.30 am in the Hub, Castlehill, Edinburgh</P>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Inquiry into the implementation of CAP Reform: </strong>The 
            Committee will take evidence from-</P>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>John McAllion, Trade Campaigner, Oxfam in Scotland;</P>
            <p>Jim Walker, Chairman, Quality Meat Scotland; and</P>
            <p>Fraser Scott, Operations Manager, Farmcare Ltd.</P>
          </blockquote>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Renewable energy in Scotland: </strong>The Convener 
            will report back to the Committee on the progress of the Enterprise 
            and Culture Committee's inquiry into renewable energy in Scotland. 
          </P>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Subordinate legislation: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider the following negative instruments-</P>
          <blockquote> 
            <p>the Rural Stewardship Scheme (Scotland) Amendment Regulations 2004, 
              (SSI 2004/109);</P>
            <p>the Tribunals and Inquiries (Dairy Produce Quota Tribunal) (Scotland) 
              Order 2004, (SSI 2004/119); and</P>
            <p>the Less Favoured Area Support Scheme (Scotland) Amendment Regulations 
              2004, (SSSI 2004/128).</P>
          </blockquote>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Water Environment and Water Services (Scotland) Act 
            2003 - Annual report to the Parliament 2003: </strong>The Committee 
            will take evidence from Allan Wilson MSP, Deputy Minister for Environment 
            and Rural Development, on this report.</P>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Annual report: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            its annual report for 2003 - 2004.</P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>Audit Committee</strong></P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>7<SUP>th</SUP> Meeting, 2004</strong></P>
          <P>The Committee will meet at 12.45 pm in Committee Room 4</P>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Annual report (in private): </strong>The Committee 
            will consider its annual report for 2003-2004.</P>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Scottish Enterprise (in private): </strong>The Committee 
            will consider a draft report on the report by the Auditor General 
            for Scotland entitled &quot;Scottish Enterprise: special audit examination&quot; 
            (AGS/2003/11).</P>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Scottish Parliament Corporate Body (in private): </strong>The 
            Committee will consider further written evidence and possible findings 
            and recommendations on the report by the Auditor General for Scotland 
            entitled &quot;The 2002-03 Audit of the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate 
            Body&quot;.</P>
          <p></P>
          <P ALIGN="CENTER"><strong>Meeting of the Parliament</strong></P>
          <p>2.30 pm&#9;Time for Reflection - Mrs Helen McLeod, Elder in St Margaret's 
            Church of Scotland, Forfar</P>
          <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</P>
          <p><em>&#9;</em>The Clerk has been advised of the topics for the following 
            Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party Business</P>
          <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party 
            Debate on The Effect of Strip Stamps on the Whisky Industry-</P>
          <p><strong>S2M-1116</strong> <strong>Murdo Fraser:</strong> <strong>The 
            Effect of Strip Stamps on the Whisky Industry</strong>-That the Parliament 
            welcomes the Scottish Executive's commitment to the Scotch Whisky 
            industry as set out in <em>A Toast to the Future - working together 
            for Scotch whisky</em>, particularly the Executive's commitment to 
            a fair tax regime for the industry; notes with disappointment the 
            announcement by Her Majesty's Government in the 2004 Budget of the 
            introduction of tax stamps on whisky and other spirits; recognises 
            that the compliance costs associated with the measure will introduce 
            a heavy burden on the Scotch whisky industry, thereby adversely affecting 
            both it and the wider Scottish economy; believes that the £3 million 
            compensation package announced by HM Treasury is wholly inadequate, 
            given the estimated cost to the industry of some £60 to £70 million 
            per annum, and accordingly calls on Her Majesty's Government to reverse 
            the decision to impose tax stamps and, failing this, to ensure that 
            a properly-funded and comprehensive package of measures is put in 
            place to minimise the damage caused to the industry. </P>
          <blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>The Presiding Officer has selected the following amendments</P>
              <p><strong>S2M-1116.2</strong> <strong>Mr Jim Wallace: The Effect 
                of Strip Stamps on the Whisky Industry</strong>-As an amendment 
                to motion (S2M-1116) in the name of Murdo Fraser, Leave out from 
                &quot;, thereby adversely&quot; to end and insert &quot;; and 
                therefore calls on HM Treasury to engage in further discussion 
                with the industry on the impact of these measures with a view 
                to reaching a satisfactory outcome which deals with tax fraud 
                and would lead to the decision being reversed, failing which to 
                ensure that a comprehensive package of compensation measures is 
                put in place to minimise the impact on the industry. </P>
              <p> <strong>S2M-1116.1</strong> <strong>Jim Mather: The Effect of 
                Strip Stamps on the Whisky Industry</strong>-As an amendment to 
                motion (S2M-1116) in the name of Murdo Fraser, leave out from 
                &quot;welcomes&quot; to end and insert &quot;agrees with the Scotch 
                Whisky Association that the Chancellor of the Exchequer's decision 
                in the 2004 UK Budget to impose tax stamps on whisky and other 
                spirits will damage the industry's competitiveness at home and 
                abroad but do little to tackle spirits fraud; deplores the damage 
                that successive Westminster governments have done to this vital 
                Scottish industry, and therefore agrees that, to reverse the tax 
                stamp decision and ensure that the competitive position of Scotch 
                whisky is not further eroded, the Scottish Parliament should be 
                responsible for the setting of all national taxation within Scotland.&quot; 
              </P>
            </blockquote>
          </blockquote>
          <p><em>followed by&#9;</em>Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party 
            Debate on The Failure of the BBC to Hand Over Tapes to the Fraser 
            Inquiry-</P>
          <p><strong>S2M-1117</strong> <strong>David McLetchie:</strong> <strong>The 
            Failure of the BBC to Hand Over Tapes to the Fraser Inquiry</strong>-That 
            the Parliament agrees that the Holyrood Project has a significant 
            contribution to make to the built environment in Scotland and should 
            provide important lessons for future public procurement policy; notes 
            that the report of the Holyrood Inquiry being conducted by The Rt 
            Hon The Lord Fraser of Carmyllie QC, when presented to the Parliament, 
            will be submitted to an appropriate Parliamentary committee for additional 
            scrutiny and may thereafter be the subject of a full debate or debates 
            in the Parliament; believes that consideration of the Holyrood Inquiry 
            report and the public policy issues arising therefrom which are the 
            general responsibility of the Scottish Executive would be enhanced 
            if members had available to them recordings or transcripts of interviews 
            given by the late Donald Dewar and Snr Enric Miralles to the production 
            company, Wark Clements, in the making of the programme entitled "The 
            Gathering Place", which documents are in the custody or under the 
            control of the British Broadcasting Corporation having its principal 
            place of business in Scotland at Broadcasting House, Queen Margaret 
            Drive, Glasgow G12 8DG, and accordingly requires the British Broadcasting 
            Corporation in terms of section 23 of the Scotland Act 1998 to deliver 
            such documents to the Clerk of the Parliament in accordance with instructions 
            to be given by him in terms of section 24 of said Act. </P>
          <blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>The Presiding Officer has selected the following amendments</P>
              <p><strong>S2M-1117.4</strong> <strong>Robert Brown: The Failure 
                of the BBC to Hand Over Tapes to the Fraser Inquiry</strong>-As 
                an amendment to motion (S2M-1117) in the name of David McLetchie, 
                leave out from &quot;agrees&quot; to end and insert &quot;notes 
                the current Holyrood Inquiry being conducted by The Rt Hon The 
                Lord Fraser of Carmyllie QC as instigated by the First Minister 
                and the Presiding Officer; encourages all those with an interest 
                in the Inquiry to provide Lord Fraser with all required documentation 
                and material and strongly encourages both the Inquiry and the 
                BBC to arrive at a mutually acceptable resolution to the ongoing 
                issue surrounding the availability of information from tapes of 
                the Wark Clements Productions' programme entitled &quot;The Gathering 
                Place&quot;; supports the independence of the BBC against political 
                interference as a fundamental bulwark of our civil liberties, 
                and believes that the Parliament would undermine the independence 
                of the BBC by seeking to compel it to take any particular course 
                of action but would nevertheless welcome a decision by the BBC 
                to allow Lord Fraser appropriate access to the tapes.&quot; </P>
              <p> <strong>S2M-1117.2</strong> <strong>Fergus Ewing: The Failure 
                of the BBC to Hand Over Tapes to the Fraser Inquiry</strong>-As 
                an amendment to motion (S2M-1117) in the name of David McLetchie, 
                leave out from &quot;agrees&quot; to end and insert &quot;believes 
                that, whilst it is wholly inappropriate for any parliament to 
                issue orders to the press and media requiring them to hand over 
                material, the BBC should cooperate with the Holyrood Inquiry by 
                providing to it the tape recordings of the interviews with the 
                late Donald Dewar and Enric Miralles, which have been filmed for 
                the proposed programme, &quot;The Gathering Place&quot;, because 
                they may include material of relevance to the remit of the Holyrood 
                Inquiry; further believes that the Holyrood Inquiry should have 
                had conferred upon it at the outset the powers to compel the appearance 
                of witnesses and production of documents set out in the Tribunals 
                of Inquiry (Evidence) Act 1921; considers that the First Minister 
                and the Presiding Officer should now explore whether such powers 
                can yet be conferred upon the Holyrood Inquiry; believes that 
                the leaders of all political parties in Scotland should immediately 
                agree to write jointly to the BBC calling upon it to cooperate 
                with the Inquiry, and considers that the First Minister should 
                seek to appear before the Inquiry as a witness in order to answer 
                questions about his role as Minister for Finance.&quot;</P>
            </blockquote>
          </blockquote>
          <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Business Motion-</P>
          <p><strong>S2M-1126</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of 
            the Parliamentary Bureau: Business Motion</strong>-That the Parliament 
            agrees the following programme of business- </P>
          <P>Wednesday 21 April 2004</P>
          <blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>2.30 pm&#9;Time for Reflection</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;European and External Affairs Committee 
                Debate on Enlargement of the European Union</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Business Motion</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</P>
              <p>5.00 pm&#9;Decision Time</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Members' Business</P>
            </blockquote>
          </blockquote>
          <P>Thursday 22 April 2004</P>
          <blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>9.30 am&#9;Executive Debate</P>
              <p>12 noon&#9;First Minister's Question Time</P>
              <p>2.00 pm&#9;Question Time - </P>
              <blockquote> 
                <p>&#9;&#9;Education and Young People, Tourism, Culture and Sport;</P>
                <p>&#9;&#9;Finance and Public Services and Communities;</P>
              </blockquote>
              <p>&#9;&#9;General Questions</P>
              <p>3.00 pm&#9;Executive Debate on Developing Scotland's Renewable 
                Energy</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</P>
              <p>5.00 pm&#9;Decision Time</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Members' Business</P>
            </blockquote>
          </blockquote>
          <P>Wednesday 28 April 2004</P>
          <blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>2.30 pm&#9;Time for Reflection</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Stage 3 of the Criminal Procedure (Amendment) 
                (Scotland) Bill</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Business Motion</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</P>
              <p>5.00 pm&#9;Decision Time</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Members' Business</P>
            </blockquote>
          </blockquote>
          <P>Thursday 29 April 2004</P>
          <blockquote> 
            <blockquote> 
              <p>9.30 am&#9;Scottish National Party Business</P>
              <p>12 noon&#9;First Minister's Question Time</P>
              <p>2.00 pm&#9;Question Time -</P>
              <p>&#9;&#9;Environment and Rural Development;</P>
              <p>&#9;&#9;Health and Community Care;</P>
              <p>&#9;&#9;General Questions</P>
              <p>3.00 pm&#9;Executive Business</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions</P>
              <p>5.00 pm&#9;Decision Time</P>
              <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Members' Business</P>
            </blockquote>
          </blockquote>
          <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Parliamentary Bureau Motions-</P>
          <p><strong>S2M-1120</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of 
            the Parliamentary Bureau:</strong> <strong>Designation of Lead Committee</strong>-That 
            the Parliament agrees that the Justice 1 Committee be designated as 
            lead committee in consideration of the Criminal Legal Aid (Fixed Payments) 
            (Scotland) Amendment (No.2) Regulations 2004 (SSI 2004/126).</P>
          <p><strong>S2M-1121</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of 
            the Parliamentary Bureau:</strong> <strong>Designation of Lead Committee</strong>-That 
            the Parliament agrees that the Justice 2 Committee be designated as 
            lead committee in consideration of the Police (Scotland) Amendment 
            Regulations 2004 (SSI 2004/121).</P>
          <p><strong>S2M-1122</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of 
            the Parliamentary Bureau:</strong> <strong>Designation of Lead Committee</strong>-That 
            the Parliament agrees that the Justice 2 Committee be designated as 
            lead committee in consideration of the Police Grant (Scotland) Order 
            2004 (SSI 2004/120).</P>
          <p><strong>S2M-1123</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of 
            the Parliamentary Bureau:</strong> <strong>Designation of Lead Committee</strong>-That 
            the Parliament agrees that the Justice 1 Committee be designated as 
            lead committee in consideration of the Emergency Workers (Scotland) 
            Bill at Stage 1.</P>
          <p><strong>S2M-1124</strong> <strong>Patricia Ferguson on behalf of 
            the Parliamentary Bureau:</strong> <strong>Approval of SSI</strong>-That 
            the Parliament agrees that the draft Debt Arrangement Scheme (Scotland) 
            Regulations 2004 be approved.</P>
          <p>5.00 pm&#9;Decision Time</P>
          <p><em>followed by</em> Ministerial Statement on Standard Life </P>
          <p><em>followed by</em>&#9;Members' Business</P>
          <p><em>&#9;</em>Debate on the subject of-</P>
          <p><strong>S2M-811</strong> <strong>Alex Neil:</strong> <strong>London 
            Olympic Bid</strong>-That the Parliament notes with concern the decision 
            by Her Majesty's Government to provide an unlimited funding guarantee 
            for the London bid to host the Olympic Games in 2012 and, whilst happy 
            to support the bid's success, believes that London should share financial 
            responsibility for the guarantee in line with the original intention 
            of Her Majesty's Government, outlined in the response to <em>A London 
            Olympic Bid for 2012</em> by the Department for Culture, Media and 
            Sport.</P>
                    <p>&nbsp;</p>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td valign="top" width="31%">&nbsp;</td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"><p><a href="#top">Top</a></p></td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </center>
</div>
</body>
<!-- #EndTemplate --></html>
