 
<!doctype html public "-//w3c//dtd html 4.0 transitional//en">
<html>
<!-- #BeginTemplate "/Templates/s1-BB2-a.dwt" --> 
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
<meta name="GENERATOR" content="Macromedia Dreamweaver 4">
<!-- #BeginEditable "Page%20Title" --> 
<title>Section A : Daily Business List</title>
<!-- #EndEditable --> 
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../css/parl_1.css" type="text/css">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#FFFFFF" link="#390884" vlink="#800080" alink="#C0C0C0" leftmargin="0" topmargin="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0">
<div align="center"> 
  <center>
    <table BORDER="0" CELLPADDING="2" WIDTH="100%">
      <tr> 
        <td rowspan="6" width="31%"> 
          <p> <a href="../2002.htm">BB 
            Home<br>
            </a><a name="top"></a><a href="../2002.htm"><br>
            </a><a href="../2002.htm"> 
            </a><!-- #BeginEditable "Section%20Links" class="indent" --><a href="bb-06-06.htm">Contents</a><br>
            <a href="bb-06-06an.htm">Announcements</a><br>
            <a href="bb-06-06a.htm">A: 
            Daily Business</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-06-06b.htm">B: 
            Business Programme</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-06-06c.htm">C: 
            Committee Agendas</a><br>
            <a href="bb-06-06d.htm">D: 
            Oral questions</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-06-06e.htm">E: 
            Written questions</a><br>
            <a href="bb-06-06f.htm">F: 
            Motions and Amendments</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-06-06g.htm">G: 
            Bills</a><br>
            <a href="bb-06-06h.htm">H: 
            New Documents</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-06-06i.htm">I: 
            Petitions lodged</a><br>
            <a href="bb-06-06k.htm">K: 
            Progress of Parliamentary business</a> <br>
            <!-- #EndEditable --></p>
        </td>
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td width="69%">&nbsp;<!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB%20ID%20text%7D" --> 
          <h3 align="center">Business Bulletin No. 92/2002</h3>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"><!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB%20header%20text%7D" --> 
          <div align="center"> 
            <h4>Thursday 6 June 2002</h4>
          </div>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <h4 align="center"><!-- #BeginEditable "Section%20Title" -->Section 
            A : Daily Business List<!-- #EndEditable --></h4>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="bottom"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="31%"> 
          <div align="left"></div>
          &nbsp;&nbsp; </td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> <!-- #BeginEditable "Body%20text" -->
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Meetings of Committees</strong></p>
          <p><strong>All meetings take place in Committee Chambers, Edinburgh 
            unless otherwise indicated.</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Justice 1 Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>24<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <dir> 
            <p>The Committee will meet at 9.00 am in Committee Room 2</p>
            <p><a name="AgendaItemText"></a>1.&#9;<strong>Prison Estates Review: 
              </strong>The Committee will take oral evidence from&#151;</p>
            <dir> 
              <dir> 
                <p>Jim Wallace QC, Deputy First Minister and Minister for Justice 
                  and Tony Cameron, Chief Executive, the Scottish Prison Service.</p>
              </dir>
            </dir>
          </dir>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Transport and the Environment Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>19<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <dir> 
            <p>The Committee will meet at 10.00 am in Committee Room 1</p>
            <p>1.&#9;<strong>Rail Inquiry (in private): </strong>The Committee 
              will consider possible areas of questioning for witnesses.</p>
            <p>2.&#9;<strong>Rail Inquiry: </strong>The Committee will take evidence 
              as part of its inquiry into the rail industry in Scotland from&#151;</p>
            <dir> 
              <dir> 
                <p>Nick Brown, Acting Managing Director, ScotRail</p>
                <p>John Boyle, Director of Corporate Affairs, ScotRail</p>
                <p>Jonathan Metcalfe, Chief Operating Officer, Great North Eastern 
                  Railways</p>
                <p>Brian Johnson, Director for Service at Stations, Virgin Trains</p>
                <p>Dr Mike Mitchell, Chief Operating Officer, First Group Rail</p>
                <p>Paul Furze-Waddock, Commercial Director, First Group Rail</p>
                <p>Graham Smith, Planning Director, English Welsh and Scottish 
                  Railway (Freight).</p>
              </dir>
            </dir>
            <p>3.&#9;<strong>Public Petitions: </strong>The Committee will consider 
              the following public petitions&#151;</p>
            <dir> 
              <dir> 
                <p>PE 377 by Mr Michael Kayes on polluting activities in built 
                  up areas</p>
                <p>PE 422 by Mr James Docherty on protection for school playing 
                  fields</p>
                <p>PE 430 by Mrs M Glendinning on the sale of school playing fields</p>
                <p>PE 454 by Mr Peter Watson on the sale of playing fields.</p>
                <p align="CENTER"></p>
              </dir>
            </dir>
          </dir>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Education, Culture and Sport Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>17<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <dir> 
            <p>The Committee will meet at 10.30 am in Committee Room 3</p>
            <p>1.&#9;<strong>School Meals (Scotland) Bill (in private): </strong>The 
              Committee will consider a draft report.</p>
            <p>2.&#9;<strong>Proposal for a Committee Bill (in private): </strong>The 
              Committee will receive an update on timetabling and resourcing issues 
              in developing a proposal for a Committee Bill to establish a Commissioner 
              for Children and Young People.</p>
          </dir>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Enterprise and Lifelong Learning Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>17<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <dir> 
            <p>The Committee will meet at 1.00 pm in Committee Room 3</p>
            <p>1.&#9;<strong>Item in private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
              whether to take item 5 in private.</p>
            <p>2.&#9;<strong>Tourism Inquiry: </strong>The Committee will consider 
              the remit and work programme for the tourism inquiry.</p>
            <p>3.&#9;<strong>Annual Report: </strong>The Committee will consider 
              whether to take its discussion on the draft annual report in private 
              at its next meeting on 12 June 2002.</p>
            <p>4.&#9;<strong>Local Economic Forums: </strong>The Committee will 
              consider whether to take its discussion on the response to the Minister 
              for Enterprise, Transport and Lifelong Learning on the progress 
              and achievements to date of the Scottish Enterprise area Local Economic 
              Forums in private at its next meeting on 12 June 2002.</p>
            <p>5.&#9;<strong>Witness Expenses: </strong>The Committee will consider 
              the payment of expenses for witnesses from Moray, Badenoch and Strathspey 
              Local Economic Forum and Argyll and the Islands Local Economic Forum.</p>
            <p>6.&#9;<strong>Lifelong Learning Final Report (in private): </strong>The 
              Committee will consider the issues which it wishes to include in 
              the Final Report.</p>
          </dir>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Social Justice Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>10<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <dir> 
            <p>The Committee will meet at 2.00 pm in Committee Room 2</p>
            <p>1.&#9;<strong>Debt Arrangement and Attachment (Scotland) Bill: 
              </strong>The Committee will take evidence on the general principles 
              of the Bill at Stage 1&#151;</p>
            <dir> 
              <dir> 
                <p><strong>Local Authority Perspective</strong></p>
                <p>Councillor George Regan, Convener of Finance Committee, Dundee 
                  City Council</p>
                <p>David Dorward, Director of Finance, Dundee City Council</p>
                <p><strong>Panel Session &#150; Legal Perspective</strong></p>
                <p>Angus Macintosh, Principal Solicitor, Castlemilk Law Centre, 
                  Scottish Association of Law Centres</p>
                <p>John Flannigan, Govan Law Centre Committee member, Scottish 
                  Association of Law Centres</p>
                <p>James Bauld, Solicitor, Glasgow Legal Services Agency</p>
                <p>Felix Mulholland, Treasurer, Glasgow Legal Services Agency</p>
                <p>Hugh Love and Roderick Macpherson, Past Presidents, Society 
                  of Messengers-at-Arms and Sheriff Officers.</p>
              </dir>
            </dir>
          </dir>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Public Petitions Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>10<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2002</strong></p>
          <dir> 
            <p>The Committee will meet at 2.45 pm in Committee Room 1</p>
            <p>1.&#9;<strong>New Petitions: </strong>The Committee will consider 
              the following new petitions&#151;</p>
            <dir> 
              <p><strong>PE502:</strong> Modernisation of audiology services in 
                Scotland. Ms Fiona Stewart will give a presentation in support 
                of this petition.</p>
              <p><strong>PE503: </strong>Smoking in public places. Mr Simon Hunter 
                will give a presentation in support of this petition.</p>
              <p><strong>PE504: </strong>Publication of<strong> </strong>crime 
                accounts for profit. Mrs Margaret Watson will give a presentation 
                in support of this petition.</p>
              <p><strong>PE506:</strong> Proposal to erect a statue of William 
                Wallace.</p>
              <p><strong>PE507: </strong>Adoption of roads and pavements by local 
                authorities.</p>
              <p><strong>PE509: </strong>Planning legislation affecting certain 
                types of development.</p>
              <p><strong>PE510: </strong>Military exercises at Cape Wrath.</p>
              <p>2.&#9;<strong>Current Petitions: </strong>The Committee will 
                further consider the following current petitions&#151;</p>
              <p><strong>PE276:</strong> Specialist allergy clinics.</p>
              <p><strong>PE473:</strong> Airborne bacteria contamination.</p>
            </dir>
          </dir>
          <p><strong>PE474:</strong> Heavy metal poisoning and childhood illnesses.</p>
          <p><strong>PE475: </strong>Recognition and treatment of aphasia.</p>
          <p><strong>PE479: </strong>Local community involvement in the planning 
            process.</p>
          <p><strong>PE485: </strong>Judicial appointments.</p>
          <dir> 
            <dir> 
              <p>3. <strong>Electronic petitions: </strong>The Committee will 
                be invited to consider a paper on the development of the electronic 
                petitions process.</p>
            </dir>
            <p>4.&#9;<strong>Convener's</strong> <strong>Report.</strong> </p>
          </dir>
          <p>&nbsp;</p>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="31%">&nbsp;</td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <p><a href="#top">Top</a></p>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </center>
</div>
</body>
<!-- #EndTemplate -->
</html>
