 
<!doctype html public "-//w3c//dtd html 4.0 transitional//en">
<html>
<!-- #BeginTemplate "/Templates/s1-BB2-a.dwt" --> 
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
<meta name="GENERATOR" content="Macromedia Dreamweaver 4">
<!-- #BeginEditable "Page%20Title" --> 
<title>Section A : Daily Business List</title>
<!-- #EndEditable --> 
<link rel="stylesheet" href="http://intranet/Internet/business/businessBulletin/bb-01/../../../../css/parl_1.css" type="text/css">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#FFFFFF" link="#390884" vlink="#800080" alink="#C0C0C0" leftmargin="0" topmargin="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0">
<div align="center"> 
  <center>
    <table BORDER="0" CELLPADDING="2" WIDTH="100%">
      <tr> 
        <td rowspan="6" width="31%"> 
          <p> <a href="../2001.htm">BB 
            Home<br>
            </a><a name="top"></a><a href="../2001.htm"><br>
            </a><a href="../2001.htm"> 
            </a><!-- #BeginEditable "Section%20Links" class="indent" --><a href="bb-12-18.htm">Contents</a><br>
            <a href="bb-12-18an.htm">Announcements</a><br>
            <a href="bb-12-18a.htm">A: Daily Business</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-12-18b.htm">B: Business Programme</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-12-18c.htm">C: Committee Agendas</a><br>
            <a href="bb-12-18d.htm">D: Oral questions</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-12-18e.htm">E: Written questions</a><br>
            <a href="bb-12-18f.htm">F: Motions and Amendments</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-12-18g.htm">G: Bills</a><br>
            <a href="bb-12-18h.htm">H: New Documents</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-12-18i.htm">I: Petitions lodged</a><br>
            <a href="bb-12-18j.htm">J: SPB: Note of Decisions</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-12-18k.htm">K: Progress of Parliamentary business</a> 
            <br>
            <!-- #EndEditable --></p>
        </td>
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td width="69%">&nbsp;<!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB%20ID%20text%7D" --> 
          <h3 align="center">Business Bulletin No. 188/2001</h3>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"><!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB%20header%20text%7D" --> 
          <div align="center"> 
            <h4>Tuesday 18 December 2001</h4>
          </div>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <h4 align="center"><!-- #BeginEditable "Section%20Title" -->Section 
            A : Daily Business List<!-- #EndEditable --></h4>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="bottom"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="31%"> 
          <div align="left"></div>
          &nbsp;&nbsp; </td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> <!-- #BeginEditable "Body%20text" --> 
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Meetings of Committees</strong></p>
          <p><strong>All meetings take place in Committee Chambers, Edinburgh 
            unless otherwise indicated.</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Procedures Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>14<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2001</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 9.30 am in the Chamber, Assembly Hall, 
            The Mound, Edinburgh</p>
          <p><a name="AgendaItemText"></a>1.&#9;<strong>CSG Inquiry: </strong>The 
            Committee will take evidence from:-</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>Dr J A T Dyer, Mental Welfare Commission</p>
            <p>Kate MacLean MSP, Convener, Equal Opportunities Committee</p>
            <p>Kay Ullrich MSP, Deputy Convener, Equal Opportunities Committee</p>
            <p>Dr Wilson McLeod, Sabhal M&ograve;r Ostaig</p>
            <p>Wladyslaw Mejka, Disabled Persons Housing Service</p>
            <p>Gordon F MacDonald, CARE for Scotland</p>
            <p>Fiona Stewart, Royal National Institute for Deaf People</p>
            <p>Hugh Dickie, West of Scotland Seniors Forum</p>
            <p>John Wilkes, Equal Opportunities Commission</p>
            <p>Angela O&#146;Hagan, Equal Opportunities Commission</p>
            <p>Dharmendra Kanani, Commission for Racial Equality</p>
            <p>Lucy Chapman, Commission for Racial Equality</p>
            <p>Bob Benson, Disability Rights Commission</p>
            <p>Adam Gaines, Disability Rights Commission</p>
            <p>Heather Fisken, Disability Rights Commission</p>
            <p>Marie McCormack, Disability Rights Commission.</p>
          </dir>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Written PQs: Monitoring Volume and Speed of Response: 
            </strong>The Committee will consider a paper.</p>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Substitution on Committees of the Parliament: </strong>The 
            Committee will consider a paper.</p>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Provisional dates of meetings and major work outline: 
            January - April 2002: </strong>The Committee will consider a paper.</p>
          <p>&nbsp;</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Justice 2 Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>36<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2001</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 9.45 am in the Hub, Castlehill, Edinburgh</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Item in private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take items 2 and 7 in private.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Inquiry into the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal 
            Service:</strong> The Committee will consider lines of questioning 
            for item 4.</p>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Sexual Offences (Procedure and Evidence) (Scotland) 
            Bill:</strong> The Committee will consider the Bill at Stage 2 (Day 
            2).</p>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Inquiry into the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal 
            Service: </strong>The Committee will take oral evidence from&#151;</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>Betty Bott, Project Manager, Victim Liaison Office, Geri Watt, 
              Head of Policy and Dr Alastair Brown, Deputy Head of Policy, Crown 
              Office.</p>
          </dir>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Subordinate legislation: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider the following negative instruments&#151;</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>Act of Sederunt (Fees of Solicitors in the Sheriff Court) (Amendment) 
              2001 (SSI 2001/438);</p>
            <p>Act of Sederunt (Fees of Sheriff Officers) 2001 (SSI 2001/439).</p>
          </dir>
          <p>6.&#9;<strong>European Document: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            a proposal for a Council Regulation on jurisdiction and the recognition 
            and enforcement of judgements in matters of parental responsibility 
            (COM (2001) 505 final). </p>
          <p>7.&#9;<strong>Inquiry into the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal 
            Service: </strong>The Committee will consider its next steps on this 
            inquiry.</p>
          <p>&nbsp;</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Public Petitions Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>16<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2001</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 10.00 am in Committee Room 2</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>New Petitions: </strong>Consideration of new petitions.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Current Petitions: </strong>Consideration of current 
            petitions.</p>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Convener's Report </strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Finance Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>28<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2001</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 10.15 am in Committee Room 1</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>PFI/PPP Inquiry (in private): </strong>The Committee 
            will consider its lines of questioning for agenda items 3 and 5.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Items in Private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take agenda item 4 in private.</p>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>PFI/PPP Inquiry: </strong>The Committee will take evidence 
            from&#151;</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>Professor Allyson Pollock, School of Public Policy;</p>
            <p>Des Murray, Association for Public Service Excellence;</p>
            <p>Paul O&#146;Brien, Director, Association for Public Service Excellence;</p>
            <p>Richard Blackburn, Director of Commercial Services, Dumfries and 
              Galloway Council;</p>
            <p>Professor Paul Grout, Director. Leverhulme Centre for Market and 
              Public Organisation, University of Bristol;</p>
            <p>Geoff Haley, Chairman, International Project Finance Association.</p>
            </dir>
          <p><i> Not before 2.00 pm.</i></p>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>PFI/PPP Inquiry: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            a paper by the Clerk.</p>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>PFI/PPP Inquiry: </strong>The Committee will take evidence 
            from&#151;</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>Tom Kelly, Chief Executive, Association of Scottish Colleges;</p>
            <p>Andrew Gordon, Chief Executive, Canmore Partnerships;</p>
            <p>Ian McDonald, Depute Director of Education Services, Glasgow City 
              Council;</p>
            <p>John Curley, Senior Education Officer, Glasgow City Council;</p>
            <p>Keith Patterson, Partner, MacRoberts;</p>
            <p>Sandy Bremner, Head of Public Private Partnership Unit, Miller 
              Construction.</p>
            </dir>
          <p>6.&#9;<strong>Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body - Scottish Parliament 
            Building Project: </strong>The Committee will consider a letter from 
            the Presiding Officer and take evidence from&#151;</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>Paul Grice, Clerk and Chief Executive, Scottish Parliament;</p>
            <p>Robert Brown MSP, Member, Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body;</p>
            <p>Sarah Davidson, Project Director, Holyrood Project Team.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
            </dir>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Subordinate Legislation Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>36<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2001</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 11.15 am in Committee Room 3</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Delegated Powers Scrutiny: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider the response from the Scottish Executive to a point raised 
            on the following Bill&#151;</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>Scottish Public Sector Ombudsman Bill at Stage 1.</p>
          </dir>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Executive Responses: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            the responses from the Executive to points raised on the following&#151;</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>The Plant Protection Products Amendment (No.3) (Scotland) Regulations 
              2001, <strong>(SSI 2001/454)</strong></p>
            <p>The Import and Export Restrictions (Foot-and-Mouth Disease) (Scotland) 
              (No.3) Amendment Regulations 2001, <strong>(SSI 2001/455)</strong>.</p>
          </dir>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Instruments not subject to Parliamentary Control: </strong>The 
            Committee will consider the following&#151;</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>The High Court of Justiciary (Proceedings in the Netherlands) (United 
              Nations) (Variation) Order 2001, <strong>(SI 2001/3918)</strong></p>
            <p>The United Nations (International Tribunal) (Rwanda) (Amendment) 
              Order 2001, <strong>(SI 2001/3920)</strong>.</p>
            <p>&nbsp;</p>
          </dir>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Local Government Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>34<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2001</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 1.30 pm in Committee Room 2</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Items in private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take items 4 and 5 in private.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Scottish Public Sector Ombudsman Bill: </strong>The 
            Committee will take evidence on the general principles of the Bill 
            at Stage 1 from&#151;</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>Scottish Executive:</p>
            <p>Mr Andy Kerr, MSP, Minister for Finance and Public Services</p>
            <p>Michael Lugton, Head of Constitution and Parliamentary Secretariat</p>
            <p>Stephen Bruce, Leader of the Scottish Public Sector Ombudsman Bill 
              Team</p>
            <p>Office of the Commissioner for Local Administration in Scotland:</p>
            <p>Ian F Smith, Commissioner</p>
            <p>Brian Thomson, Principal Investigating Officer</p>
            <p>Office of Scottish Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration:</p>
            <p>Michael Buckley, Ombudsman</p>
            <p>George Keil, Investigation Manager</p>
            <p>Office of the Housing Association Ombudsman for Scotland:</p>
            <p>Barney Crockett, Ombudsman</p>
            <p>Kathleen Steindl, Senior Investigator </p>
            <p>Scottish Consumer Council:</p>
            <p>Graeme Millar, Chairman</p>
            <p>Martin Evans, Director.</p>
            </dir>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Subordinate Legislation: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider the following negative instruments&#151;</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>The Local Government (Exemption from Competition) (Scotland) Amendment 
              Order 2001, (SSI 2001/431)</p>
            <p>The Local Government Act 1988 (Competition) (Scotland) Amendment 
              (No.2) Regulations 2001, (SSI 2001/446).</p>
            </dir>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Marriage (Scotland) Bill: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider a draft Stage 1 report.</p>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Land Reform (Scotland) Bill: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider proposals for consideration of the Bill at Stage 1.</p>
          <p align="CENTER">&nbsp;</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>European Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>16<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2001</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 2.00 pm in The Chamber, Assembly Hall, 
            The Mound, Edinburgh</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Items in private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take items 3 and 4 in private.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Convener's Report: </strong>the Convener will update 
            the Committee on the-</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>Executive&#146;s response to the Committee&#146;s 6<sup>th</sup> 
              Report 2001, on the proposed Common Position with regard to the 
              proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council 
              establishing a general framework for informing and consulting employees 
              in the European Community.</p>
            </dir>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Implementation of EC/EU legislation in Scotland: </strong>The 
            Committee will discuss procedures for considering the information 
            provided by the Scottish Executive on the implementation of EC/EU 
            legislation in Scotland.</p>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Enlargement of the EU and the opportunities and challenges 
            for Scotland: </strong>The Committee will discuss a draft report prepared 
            by its reporter, Ben Wallace MSP.</p>
          <p align="CENTER">&nbsp;</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Rural Development Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>30<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2001</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 2.00 pm in the Hub, Castlehill, Edinburgh</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Prohibition of Fishing for Cockles: </strong>The Committee 
            will take evidence on The Inshore Fishing (Prohibition of Fishing 
            for Cockles) (Scotland) Amendment Order from&#151;</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>Jim Smith (Dumfries and Galloway Council)</p>
            <p>Robert Geddes (Solway Shellfish Hand Operator Co-operative)</p>
            <p>Neil Fleming and Nick Bailey (Scottish Executive).</p>
          </dir>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Subordinate Legislation: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider the following instruments under the negative procedure&#151;</p>
          <dir> 
            <p>The Inshore Fishing (Prohibition of Fishing for Cockles) (Scotland) 
              Amendment Order 2001 (SSI 2001/449).</p>
            <p>The Pesticides (Maximum Residue Levels in Crops, Food and Feeding 
              Stuffs) (Scotland) Amendment (No.3) Regulations 2001 (SSI 2001/435)</p>
            <p>The Beef Special Premium (Scotland) Regulations 2001 (SSI 2001/445)</p>
            <p>The Sea Fishing (Enforcement of Community Satellite Monitoring 
              Measures) (Scotland) Order 2000, Amendment Regulations 2001 (SSI 
              2001/448).</p>
          </dir>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Agriculture Research Report: </strong>The Committee 
            will consider a paper by SPICe and the report by Prof. Ken Thomson, 
            commissioned by the Committee.</p>
          <p>4.&#9;<strong>Amnesic Shellfish Poisoning:</strong> The Committee 
            will consider a progress report from the reporter, Rhoda Grant.</p>
          <p>5.&#9;<strong>Work Programme: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            a paper from the Convener on its work programme.</p>
          <p>6.&#9;<strong>Fur Farming (Prohibition) (Scotland) Bill: </strong>The 
            Committee will consider supplementary written evidence at stage 1.</p>
          <p>7.&#9;<strong>Fur Farming (Prohibition) (Scotland) Bill - Draft Stage 
            1 Report (in private): </strong>The Committee will consider a draft 
            stage 1 report.</p>
          <p align="CENTER">&nbsp;</p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Education, Culture and Sport Committee</strong></p>
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>34<sup>th</sup> Meeting, 2001</strong></p>
          <p>The Committee will meet at 2.30 pm in Committee Room 3</p>
          <p>1.&#9;<strong>Items in Private: </strong>The Committee will consider 
            whether to take items 2 and 3 in private.</p>
          <p>2.&#9;<strong>Children's Commissioner Inquiry: </strong>The Committee 
            will discuss emerging findings in relation to a draft report of the 
            inquiry.</p>
          <p>3.&#9;<strong>Scottish Borders Inquiry: </strong>The Committee will 
            consider a draft interim report of the inquiry. </p>
          <p>&nbsp;</p>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="31%">&nbsp;</td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <p><a href="#top">Top</a></p>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </center>
</div>
</body>
<!-- #EndTemplate -->
</html>
