 
<!doctype html public "-//w3c//dtd html 4.0 transitional//en">
<html>
<!-- #BeginTemplate "/Templates/s1-BB2-d.dwt" --> 
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
<meta name="GENERATOR" content="Macromedia Dreamweaver 4">
<!-- #BeginEditable "Page%20Title" --> 
<title>Section D : Oral Questions</title>
<!-- #EndEditable --> 
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../css/parl_1.css" type="text/css">
</head>
<body text="#000000" bgcolor="#FFFFFF" link="#390884" vlink="#800080" alink="#C0C0C0" leftmargin="0" topmargin="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0">
<div align="center"> 
  <center>
    <table BORDER="0" CELLPADDING="2" WIDTH="100%">
      <tr> 
        <td rowspan="6" width="31%"> 
          <p> <a href="../2002.htm">BB Home<br>
            </a><a name="top"></a><a href="../2002.htm"><br>
            </a><a href="../2002.htm"> </a><!-- #BeginEditable "Section%20Links" class="indent" --><a href="bb-03-14.htm">Contents</a><br>
            <a href="bb-03-14a.htm">A: Daily Business</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-03-14b.htm">B: Business Programme</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-03-14d.htm">D: Oral questions</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-03-14e.htm">E: Written questions</a><br>
            <a href="bb-03-14f.htm">F: Motions and Amendments</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-03-14h.htm">H: New Documents</a> <br>
            <a href="bb-03-14k.htm">K: Progress of Parliamentary business</a> 
            <br>
            <!-- #EndEditable --></p>
        </td>
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td width="69%">&nbsp;<!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB%20ID%20text%7D" --> 
          <h3 align="center">Business Bulletin No. 44/2002</h3>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"><!-- #BeginEditable "%7BBB%20header%20text%7D" --> 
          <div align="center"> 
            <h4>Thursday 14 March 2002</h4>
          </div>
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="bottom" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="absmiddle"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <h4 align="center"><!-- #BeginEditable "Section%20Title" -->Section 
            D : Oral Questions selected for answer on 21 March 2002<!-- #EndEditable --></h4>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <div align="center"><img src="../../committees/cte_graphics/purp-bar2.gif" width="500" height="5" align="bottom"></div>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="31%"> 
          <div align="left"></div>
          &nbsp;&nbsp; </td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> <!-- #BeginEditable "Body%20text" -->
         
          <p align="CENTER"><strong>Question Time</strong></p>
          <p><strong>1. Fergus Ewing:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive what 
            plans it has to review the grounds for objecting to the designation 
            of a site of special scientific interest to include economic, social 
            and other factors. (S1O-4911)</p>
          <p><strong>2. Mr Brian Monteith:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what visitor number and revenue targets have been set for the proposed 
            Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park. (S1O-4920)</p>
          <p><strong>3. Elaine Smith:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive what 
            plans it has to take into account the opinions of pupils, parents, 
            teachers and employers in developing future education policy. (S1O-4933)</p>
          <p><strong>4. Mary Scanlon:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive what 
            proposals are being developed on fluoridation of the public water 
            supply. (S1O-4923)</p>
          <p><strong>5. Donald Gorrie:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            how it is tackling suicide amongst young males. (S1O-4918)</p>
          <p><strong>6. Michael Russell:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what financial or other assistance it is giving to local authorities 
            to ensure that all those seeking a probationary year under the Teachers 
            Induction Scheme are able to secure such a position without the cessation 
            of any existing temporary contracts for teachers already in post. 
            (S1O-4901)</p>
          <p><strong>7. Mr Kenneth Gibson:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what support it will provide for regeneration of the River Clyde. 
            (S1O-4915)</p>
          <p><strong>8. Mr Keith Raffan:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            when it will respond to Scottish Natural Heritage's review of the 
            National Scenic Area designation sent to it in 1999. (S1O-4903)</p>
          <p><strong>9. Stewart Stevenson:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            whether it will make representations to Her Majesty's Government on 
            the possible impact on rural areas of any reorganisation of post office 
            services. (S1O-4926)</p>
          <p><strong>10. Alex Johnstone:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what plans it has to use its planning powers to protect historic landscapes, 
            such as the Carse of Gowrie, from development. (S1O-4914)</p>
          <p><strong>11. Bill Aitken:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive how 
            land managers will be able to carry out timber-felling, lambing and 
            other operations if they are unable to temporarily restrict access 
            for reasons of land management and public safety and whether it has 
            consulted the Health and Safety Executive and any other organisations 
            on this issue. (S1O-4917)</p>
          <p><strong>12. Iain Smith:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive what 
            action it has taken to support &quot;Green Office Week&quot; from 
            18 to 22 March 2002. (S1O-4941)</p>
          <p><strong>13. Miss Annabel Goldie:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what plans it has to introduce equine passports as is proposed in 
            England and Wales. (S1O-4895)</p>
          <p><strong>14. Mr Tom McCabe:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            whether it plans to facilitate an increase in exchange visits between 
            Scottish and European schools. (S1O-4942)</p>
          <p><strong>15. Kate Maclean:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what arrangements and progress have been made in respect of implementing 
            the requirements on it under the Race Relations (Amendment) Act 2000. 
            (S1O-4947)</p>
          <p><strong>16. Alex Neil:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive whether 
            it will review the contractual status of HM Prison Kilmarnock. (S1O-4909)</p>
          <p><strong>17. Bill Butler:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive what 
            arrangements will be made to ensure that Glasgow's local authority 
            tenants are empowered to run housing services in their communities 
            should there be a yes vote in the Glasgow housing stock transfer ballot. 
            (S1O-4896)</p>
          <p><strong>18. Rhoda Grant:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive what 
            progress it is making in meeting the target of creating a network 
            of learning centres around the country. (S1O-4935)</p>
          <p><strong>19. Dr Sylvia Jackson:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            how it intends to support local authorities to help with the cost 
            of disposing of old fridges and freezers. (S1O-4937)</p>
          <p><strong>20. Mr Andrew Welsh:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what measures are being taken to assist the Arbroath fish processing 
            industry. (S1O-4927)</p>
          <p><strong>21. Mr Jamie Stone:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            how it will provide long-term support for agriculture in isolated 
            areas. (S1O-4898)</p>
          <p><strong>22. Mr Mike Rumbles:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what action it is taking to reduce instances of cryptosporidiosis. 
            (S1O-4943)</p>
          <p><strong>23. Shona Robison:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what recent correspondence it has had from the Dundee Young Women's 
            Centre. (S1O-4910)</p>
          <p><strong>24. Ian Jenkins:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive what 
            measures are being taken as part of its child health strategy to tackle 
            respiratory conditions amongst children. (S1O-4919)</p>
          <p><strong>25. Tavish Scott:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what its proposals are for future shipments of livestock to and from 
            the Northern Isles. (S1O-4912)</p>
          <p><strong>26. Mr Lloyd Quinan:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what measures are in place to ensure that anti-social behaviour is 
            dealt with at a local authority level. (S1O-4925)</p>
          <p><strong>27. Mr Gil Paterson:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            whether expulsion from a specific area is an accepted sentencing option 
            for the courts. (S1O-4921)</p>
          <p><strong>28. Richard Lochhead:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what was discussed at the Joint Ministerial Committee meeting on 7 
            March 2002 and what the outcomes were. (S1O-4899)</p>
          <p><strong>29. Alex Fergusson:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            when it will announce how the £2 million which is still available 
            for agricultural recovery following the foot-and-mouth disease outbreak 
            will be spent. (S1O-4938)</p>
          <p><strong>30. Robert Brown:</strong> To ask the Scottish Executive 
            what action it is taking to ensure that adequate resources are in 
            place to provide suitable support and counselling services to prevent 
            recurrent homelessness of people who have been re-housed. (S1O-4936)</p>
         
          <!-- #EndEditable --></td>
      </tr>
      <tr> 
        <td valign="top" width="31%">&nbsp;</td>
        <td valign="top" width="69%"> 
          <p><a href="#top">Top</a></p>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </center>
</div>
</body>
<!-- #EndTemplate -->
</html>
