<?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1"?>


<!DOCTYPE publicwhip
[
<!ENTITY ndash   "&#8211;">
<!ENTITY mdash   "&#8212;">
<!ENTITY iexcl   "&#161;">
<!ENTITY divide  "&#247;">
<!ENTITY euro    "&#8364;">
<!ENTITY trade   "&#8482;">
<!ENTITY bull    "&#8226;">
<!ENTITY lsquo   "&#8216;">
<!ENTITY rsquo   "&#8217;">
<!ENTITY sbquo   "&#8218;">
<!ENTITY ldquo   "&#8220;">
<!ENTITY rdquo   "&#8221;">
<!ENTITY bdquo   "&#8222;">
<!ENTITY dagger  "&#8224;">

<!ENTITY Ouml   "&#214;" >
<!ENTITY agrave "&#224;" >
<!ENTITY aacute "&#225;" >
<!ENTITY acirc  "&#226;" >
<!ENTITY atilde "&#227;" >
<!ENTITY auml   "&#228;" >
<!ENTITY ccedil "&#231;" >
<!ENTITY egrave "&#232;" >
<!ENTITY eacute "&#233;" >
<!ENTITY ecirc  "&#234;" >
<!ENTITY euml   "&#235;" >
<!ENTITY iacute "&#237;" >
<!ENTITY icirc  "&#238;" >
<!ENTITY iuml	"&#239;" >
<!ENTITY ntilde "&#241;" >
<!ENTITY nbsp   "&#160;" >
<!ENTITY oacute "&#243;" >
<!ENTITY ocirc  "&#244;" >
<!ENTITY ouml   "&#246;" >
<!ENTITY oslash "&#248;" >
<!ENTITY uacute "&#250;" >
<!ENTITY uuml   "&#252;" >
<!ENTITY thorn  "&#254;" >

<!ENTITY pound  "&#163;" >
<!ENTITY sect   "&#167;" >
<!ENTITY copy   "&#169;" >
<!ENTITY reg    "&#174;" >
<!ENTITY deg    "&#176;" >
<!ENTITY plusmn "&#177;" >
<!ENTITY sup2   "&#178;" >
<!ENTITY micro  "&#181;" >
<!ENTITY para   "&#182;" >
<!ENTITY middot "&#183;" >
<!ENTITY ordm   "&#186;" >
<!ENTITY frac14 "&#188;" >
<!ENTITY frac12 "&#189;" >
<!ENTITY frac34 "&#190;" >
<!ENTITY oelig "&#339;" >
<!ENTITY aelig  "&#230;" >

]>

<publicwhip scrapeversion="a" latest="no">
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.139.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.139.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.139.1" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.139.1" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.139.2" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.139.2" matchtype="changes"/>
<speech id="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.139.2" speakerid="uk.org.publicwhip/member/1539" speakername="Nick Harvey" colnum="139"  time="014:30:00" url="http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200708/cmhansrd/cm081023/halltext/81023h0001.htm#0810241000190">
	<p pid="a.139.2/1">It is a pleasure to introduce the 30th annual report of the House of Commons Commission, published in early July and covering the financial year from April 2007 to March 2008. It marks 30 years since the passage of the House of Commons (Administration) Act 1978. Only 22 Members of the current House were here then, and I doubt whether even they can remember a time when the House did not manage its own affairs. A decade earlier, Richard Crossman, as Leader of the House, recorded in his diary having to go with a begging bowl to the Treasury to appeal for a couple of extra Clerks. Since then, responsibility for the parliamentary budget and managing its own affairs have been regarded internationally as signs of a proper arm's length relationship between legislature and Executive, but that is not an easy task, as the Commission's annual report makes clear. Indeed, the report shows just how complex the task is.</p>
	<p pid="a.139.2/2">My hope for the debate is that it will provide an opportunity for the Commission to hear what hon. Members think about the running of the House. In my introductory remarks, I shall say a little about the reorganisation of the House service since the Tebbit report, the impact of the various freedom of information cases and the review of Members' allowances on the Department of Resources, the PICT&mdash;Parliamentary Information and Communication Technology&mdash;health check, the mechanical and engineering works feasibility study and the major works that lie ahead of us, and the new visitors entrance on Cromwell green.</p>
</speech>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.139.3" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.139.3" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.139.4" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.139.4" matchtype="changes"/>
<speech id="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.139.4" speakerid="uk.org.publicwhip/member/1539" speakername="Nick Harvey" colnum="139"  time="014:30:00" url="http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200708/cmhansrd/cm081023/halltext/81023h0001.htm#0810241000192">
	<p pid="a.139.4/1">I am grateful to my hon. Friend. I would not for one moment disagree with what he says, but I think that the matter that he raises lies within the responsibility of the Procedure Committee, rather than the House of Commons Commission. No doubt he will pursue it there in due course.</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/2">There have probably been greater changes in the internal organisation of the House service in 2007-08 than there have been in any other year since 1978 or possibly even further back. Pages 15 to 17 of the report set out clearly the main events. Two years ago in the equivalent debate, I announced the Commission's intention to appoint Sir Kevin Tebbit to review the management and services of the House. This time last year, the Commission had just received his report and was about to start putting it into effect. Tebbit noted that</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/3" class="indent">&quot;the way in which Members work has itself been changing, notably in the extent of their involvement in constituency issues and in other forms of interaction with the public. These put new demands on the House Service.&quot;</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/4">He concluded:</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/5" class="indent">&quot;To the extent that we have criticisms, they arise largely as a result of the federal nature of the House Service&mdash;seven semi-autonomous Departments. It would be beneficial, in our view, for the capacity which exists to be brought together and directed more corporately to achieve higher levels of performance and efficiency.&quot;</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/6">Last year, I said that the Commission would focus on implementing the Tebbit recommendations that were</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/7" class="indent">&quot;most significant to the delivery of services to Members.&quot;&mdash;[<phrase class="offrep" id="westminhall/2007-10-18.317"><i>Official Report, Westminster Hall</i>, 18 October 2007; Vol. 464, c. 317WH</phrase>.]</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/8">The start of January 2008 saw the six House Departments reorganised into four. We have also seen the passage of the Parliament (Joint Departments) Act 2007 to put PICT on a proper legal footing as a joint Department for both Houses.</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/9">The vision for the House service now is:</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/10" class="indent">&quot;To create a unified parliamentary service which provides first class advisory, executive and support facilities to the House, its Members and the public whilst maintaining a world heritage site&quot;.</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/11">A clear example of the House service operating in a more joined-up way is the new Members centre in Portcullis House, which opened in July. That provides a single point at which hon. Members can seek advice and information on allowances, IT, research and facilities. I hope that hon. Members who have not yet visited it will do so.</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/12">Alongside the organisational changes, the House has recruited from outside John Borley to the new post of director general of the Department of Facilities and Mel Barlex as director of the parliamentary estates directorate. I shall return later to the subject of buildings and works.</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/13">I do not want to stray beyond the scope of the debate on the Commission's annual report into the realms of the Members Estimate Committee, but I would like to refer to that Committee's report, which had a big impact on the administration of the House. Many of those in the Room know only too well that the Commission has a dual identity and meets also as the Members Estimate Committee. The House service supports the payment and record keeping for expenditure on that estimate. In the past year, freedom of information requests and the review of allowances have put enormous pressure on the Department of Resources in particular. Additional staff may yet be needed in that area. The Commission appreciates that and will keep that need for resources under consideration. I thank the staff in the Department of Resources, particularly Terry Bird, the director of operations, for all the assistance that he has given us during the past few months in this work.</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/14">Let me move on to information and communications technology. We have seen the creation of PICT, a joint Department serving both the Commons and the Lords, and we saw the passage of an Act about the organisation of Parliament itself, which is quite rare&mdash;it happens only every 15 years or so. In previous debates, a number of hon. Members have raised IT issues, and the Administration Committee reported on that subject last year. In accordance with recommendations from the Tebbit review, PICT was put through an external health check conducted by the Cabinet Office. The health check notes how much has been achieved since PICT was formed nearly three years ago. However, it also says that more progress is needed and recommends that projects be subject to clear business ownership and direction and that the effectiveness of individual relationships and governance arrangements be reviewed regularly.</p>
	<p pid="a.139.4/15">The Commission accepted the recommendations from the Administration Committee. We continue to value that Committee's continual scrutiny of the service. PICT will come back to the Administration Committee and the Commission on service provision in constituency offices.</p>
</speech>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.141.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.141.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.141.1" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.141.1" matchtype="changes"/>
<speech id="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.141.1" speakerid="uk.org.publicwhip/member/1539" speakername="Nick Harvey" colnum="141"  time="014:30:00" url="http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200708/cmhansrd/cm081023/halltext/81023h0001.htm#0810241000194">
	<p pid="a.141.1/1">I am grateful to the hon. Gentleman for his observation that PICT has improved dramatically. I believe that he is right. I recognise entirely that there are times when the service is slower than we would like, but I sincerely believe that those occasions are now fewer and further between. The hon. Gentleman nevertheless makes a good point about the number of people using the system, and the capacity issues that have resulted, and I shall flag those up with PICT to ensure that they are central to its thinking. However, I say with some confidence that the resilience of the system is something that PICT takes seriously. It is very much part of its brief that it should get ahead of the game and that the two Houses of Parliament should avail themselves of the latest developments in ICT and not drag behind them. I shall flag up those points with PICT and ensure that they are part of its thinking.</p>
	<p pid="a.141.1/2">I was speaking about the parliamentary estate. As I have said, the new visions statement for the House service talks about supporting the operation of the House while maintaining a world heritage site. Hon. Members may be aware that last week I answered a parliamentary question about the feasibility study for the mechanical and electrical project. I said:</p>
	<p pid="a.141.1/3" class="indent">&quot;Much of the mechanical and electrical system within the Palace of Westminster has now exceeded its economic service life and major modernisation work is urgently required. It is becoming increasingly difficult to manage the existing services and to replace, repair or extend them as required in an efficient and effective manner and there is a growing risk that breakdown in essential services could not be quickly repaired. The complete project will take many years and involve considerable cost. The Commission is concerned to ensure that the mechanical and electrical modernisation is carried out in the most economical way consistent with enabling the House to operate properly.&quot;</p>
	<p pid="a.141.1/4">Normal practice, as Members know, is that major works are undertaken in the Palace of Westminster only during the summer recess, but so huge and extensive is the scale of the work planned that we believe that a range of options should be carefully and seriously considered. My answer continued:</p>
	<p pid="a.141.1/5" class="indent">&quot;The Commission (working with the responsible bodies in the Lords) are therefore ordering a detailed feasibility study to examine whether substantial savings in cost, time and risk could be made by moving some operations of both Houses out of the Palace for a period to enable modernisation to be carried out continuously until its completion.&quot;&mdash;[<phrase class="offrep" id="wrans/2008-10-15.1254"><i>Official Report</i>, 15 October 2008; Vol. 480, c. 1254W</phrase>.]</p>
</speech>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.142.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.142.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.142.1" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.142.1" matchtype="changes"/>
<speech id="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.142.1" speakerid="uk.org.publicwhip/member/1539" speakername="Nick Harvey" colnum="142"  time="014:30:00" url="http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200708/cmhansrd/cm081023/halltext/81023h0001.htm#0810241000196">
	<p pid="a.142.1/1">I shall take the hon. Gentleman's first and last points together. This is a sovereign House, and it is in a position to debate anything it sees fit to debate, and to raise the necessary funds to do what it needs to do. It is not possible at this stage to say with any certainty what the cost will be. That is one of the factors that the feasibility study to which I referred will need to explore; and it will need to come back to the House with a clear explanation of the cost implications of doing the work continuously in one go rather than interspersing it over the summer recess, perhaps&mdash;who knows?&mdash;for 20 or 25 years.</p>
	<p pid="a.142.1/2">As for other locations and how long such a decamping might last, those are exactly the sorts of things that the feasibility study will consider. It is not possible at this stage to pre-empt that exercise and to anticipate the sort of conclusions that it might reach. However, when we receive the information, we will certainly share it with those Members who wish to know, so that everyone has a clear understanding of what we are doing and what factors led to those conclusions, and so everyone can see the logic involved.</p>
	<p pid="a.142.1/3">I emphasise that the House will be asked to move out of the main building if that option significantly reduces the cost, the time and above all the risk. Staying here and trying to do it over a succession of summer recesses is not an easy, low-risk option. Much of the mechanical and engineering infrastructure dates back to the late 1940s. It is perhaps already 30 or 40 years beyond its proper life expectancy. There is a real danger that if anything should go fundamentally wrong we would not be able to repair it in a timely fashion in order to allow the House to continue going about its business. One of the factors that the feasibility study will obviously have to consider is the risk entailed in choosing to do the work slowly rather than in pressing ahead and doing it more quickly.</p>
	<p pid="a.142.1/4">The mechanical and electrical works comprise all the support systems that enable us to work in the building. They include hot and cold water systems, steam, mains cold-water incoming services, fire mains, gas, compressed air, vacuum, electrical power, lighting, building management systems, communications, security, fire detection, voice alarms, air conditioning, mechanical ventilation, refrigeration, chilled water services and drainage. We are talking about the complete works, and it is all in need of renovation.</p>
	<p pid="a.142.1/5">It is a major project. I cannot anticipate how much it will cost, but it will be hundreds of millions of pounds. It will be a serious challenge for the House to seek funding for that at a time of economic restraint; and it is essential throughout any such operation that we maintain an effective Parliament. It will be a huge endeavour for the Commission, for the Committees of the House and for all the staff of the House services.</p>
	<p pid="a.142.1/6">One major works project that has caused the Commission concern over the past year is directly behind you, Miss Begg&mdash;the new visitor entrance on Cromwell green. It is now open and working reasonably well, but as Members know it was late and over budget. The Commission received regular reports late in 2006, when it became apparent that the project was slipping. The appointment of a recovery project manager brought things under control and enabled the entrance to open in April this year. The Commission was concerned about the project and was determined to see a robust &quot;lessons learned&quot; review.</p>
	<p pid="a.142.1/7">I set out the main conclusions of that review in a written answer on <phrase class="date" code="2008-07-14">14 July</phrase>:</p>
	<p pid="a.142.1/8" class="indent">&quot;The repeatedly escalating costs and continued slippages in this project have raised serious questions about project management competences in the House service. A number of key steps have already been taken. As part of a reorganisation following the review by Sir Kevin Tebbit it was decided to create a reunified Parliamentary Estates Directorate and recruit senior managers with appropriate skills. The Directorate is now under the direct responsibility of a Director General of Facilities. As part of their recruitment, both new postholders have been required to demonstrate competence, and personal track records of delivery, in the areas of estates and works matters. Further improvements relating to transparency and control of projects are underway, and these will take account of recommendations for future practice from the Post-Project Review.&quot;&mdash;[<phrase class="offrep" id="wrans/2008-07-22.984"><i>Official Report</i>, 22 July 2008; Vol. 479, c. 984W</phrase>.]</p>
	<p pid="a.142.1/9">It is essential that we learn the lessons from a project of that scale before embarking upon the huge project that I have described. With the mechanical and engineering works involved, that is clearly on another scale altogether.</p>
	<p pid="a.142.1/10">One works project completed during the past year, which does not seem to have been criticised in the media, was the &pound;8 million spent on refurbishing the Press Gallery and creating the new Moncrieff's refreshment area.</p>
	<p pid="a.142.1/11">This year, I have answered questions on a wide range of issues, including food allergies, the new pass system, bottled water&mdash;several times&mdash;child care, the new visitor entrance, escalators and carbon offset. That shows the range of services needed to support a modern Parliament. The Commission's task of administering the House has never been more complex, but with the commitment of the House staff, I am confident that we will tackle the major tasks ahead.</p>
	<p pid="a.142.1/12">I should like to end on a note of thanks to our staff&mdash;</p>
</speech>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.144.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.144.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.144.1" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.144.1" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.144.2" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.144.2" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.144.3" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.144.3" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.144.4" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.144.4" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.144.5" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.144.5" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.144.6" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.144.6" matchtype="changes"/>
<speech id="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.144.6" speakerid="uk.org.publicwhip/member/1539" speakername="Nick Harvey" colnum="144"  time="014:30:00" url="http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200708/cmhansrd/cm081023/halltext/81023h0001.htm#0810241000203">
	<p pid="a.144.6/1">I cannot give an answer to the hon. Gentleman's question off the top of my head. Certainly, it cannot be technically difficult to maintain such a database, although I would be surprised if we do not, in effect, already do so. The greater question is who would follow up the unanswered questions within such a database. Perhaps it is question of ensuring that there is wider access. I will investigate the matter and write to the hon. Gentleman about it.</p>
	<p pid="a.144.6/2">I was concluding my remarks by thanking the staff of the House service. I would particularly like to put on record the Commission's thanks to Andrew Kennon, who has served as our Clerk for the past couple of years. He has had an eventful time in that post, and we are particularly grateful to him for going the extra mile on so many occasions&mdash;there have been an astonishing array of headaches for him to contend with. Even when he has been away from this place on holiday, he has not been beyond the reach of mobile phones disturbing him and causing him to re-engage with parliamentary matters at times when I am sure he did not want to. He has been a very good Clerk to the Commission and we are grateful to him and all the staff in his office who help out, and to Louise Sargent, who processes the various questions that are tabled to the Commission. We wish Andrew Kennon every success in his new post at the Journal Office.</p>
</speech>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.145.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.145.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.146.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.146.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.146.1" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.146.1" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.148.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.148.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.148.1" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.148.1" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.148.2" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.148.2" matchtype="changes"/>
<speech id="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.148.2" speakerid="uk.org.publicwhip/member/1779" speakername="Chris Bryant" colnum="148"  time="015:06:00" url="http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200708/cmhansrd/cm081023/halltext/81023h0002.htm#0810241000209">
	<p pid="a.148.2/1">I am troubled about this only because my father's best man was called Mr. Thomas. Anyone who goes into any fine fish and chip shop will see that Preston and Thomas is the greatest manufacturer of fish and chip shop fryers, and I do not want his business to be harmed by our rowing back on fish and chips.</p>
	<p pid="a.148.2/2">I congratulate the hon. Member for North Devon and all the members of the Commission on the excellent report that outlines a landmark year in the history of the House of Commons service. I particularly liked the fact that this year's report has photographs of many of the people who work in the House. I do not mean Members of Parliament or peers, but people who do the really hard graft, ensuring that we are able to do our job. My favourite photograph is of Gladys Dickson from the Members' Tea Room. All the hon. Members will concur when I say that she is one of the people who definitely lightens our day, and I know that she does a great deal of work in her own community outside this House. We should always tribute to those who make this building work when we are merely swanning around.</p>
	<p pid="a.148.2/3">The Commission's work is vital. We must ensure that we have an efficient House that provides value for money for the taxpayer; that we have effective management, so that everyone who works for the House can do their job effectively and enjoyably and feel that they have a full share in the team, because that is the way the building works; that we have a transparent organisation, so that the public know what we are doing and can be assured that they are getting value for money; and that this is a secure working environment for everyone&mdash;of all the buildings in the world, this one probably has the tightest security. All of that must happen in the context of protecting the reputation of the House. If its reputation falls, the business of politics&mdash;seeking to achieve democratic ends for our constituents&mdash;can only be undermined.</p>
	<p pid="a.148.2/4">In the past few years there have been significant reforms of the way in which the House manages its affairs. The reforms carried out in response to the Tebbit report could be the most significant changes to the service in living memory. Although Sir Kevin's recommendations have been implemented quickly and effectively, they draw on previous recommendations for incremental reform, which began with a review in 1990 by Sir Robin Ibbs and were continued in 1999 and 2000 by Michael Braithwaite. The creation of four new departments, in place of the previous six, and the establishment of a smaller management board with a more corporate outlook will lead to the provision of services that are more focused on the changing and increasingly complex needs of Members.</p>
	<p pid="a.148.2/5">I am, however, reminded of the first debate in which I spoke in the House, on the Ofcom paving Bill, which reduced the six bodies that looked into broadcasting to one. The Whips persuaded me to take part because no one else was going to. I said that I thought that that would be more consistent and coherent and added that, to use a valleys word&mdash;as in the south Wales valleys&mdash;it would be &quot;tidy&quot;, which also applies precisely to the present case. Unfortunately, <i>Hansard</i> recorded me as saying &quot;To use a valet's word, it will be 'tidy'.&quot; I see how <i>Hansard</i> got there; valets do tidy up&mdash;but we do not have many valets in the valleys. I hope that <i>Hansard </i>got all my uses today of &quot;valley&quot; and &quot;valet&quot;.</p>
	<p pid="a.148.2/6">The role of a Member of Parliament has changed dramatically in recent years. The balance today between constituency work, legislation and scrutiny of Government is completely different from the work of, say, Stafford Cripps in the 1940s; if he ever visited his constituency&mdash;perhaps once a year&mdash;a brass band would turn out to welcome him, and when he left two days later he would be sent home with a spring in his step and the Bishop of Bristol to accompany him. None of that happens today, because the job has changed completely. Recent research by the Hansard Society found that Members elected for the first time in 2005 spend about half their time on constituency work, so changes in the working practices of the House, improvements to staffing and office resources and the availability of information technology have changed the way in which we work, as have our constituents' expectations of what we can do for them. It is vital that we do not shy away from that, but we must make sure that Members of Parliament can do that other vital part of their job: scrutinising the Government and ensuring that the legislation that goes through the House is the best legislation, the right legislation and legislation that will stand the test of time.</p>
</speech>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.149.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.149.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.149.1" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.149.1" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.151.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.151.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.152.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.152.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.153.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.153.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.155.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.155.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.155.1" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.155.1" matchtype="changes"/>
<speech id="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.155.1" speakerid="uk.org.publicwhip/member/1831" speakername="Simon Hughes" colnum="155"  time="015:25:00" url="http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200708/cmhansrd/cm081023/halltext/81023h0003.htm#0810241000216">
	<p pid="a.155.1/1">The cleaners were on my list; I was just coming to them. Those in the cleaning, catering and maintenance departments do extremely important jobs. Inevitably, many of them are constituents of mine, too, because my constituency is nearby. I see them working diligently early in the morning and late at night. In that context, I would like to refer to a slightly more hard-edged issue.</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/2">There has been a dispute between some of our contractors and the House, as was brought to my attention by one of my constituents. I would be grateful for an update on that from my hon. Friend the Member for North Devon in his winding-up speech. Are we in sight of resolving that dispute? There have been disputes in the past and issues about pay of cleaning staff and so on.</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/3">My general view&mdash;my hon. Friend could link this to his answer to my first question&mdash;is that we should seek to ensure that as many of our staff as possible are employed by us directly rather than as agency staff. I appreciate that here we have cyclical patterns of work&mdash;by definition, the House does not sit every day of the year, and therefore in the summer, for example, we do not need all the catering staff. However, I would be grateful to know whether it is the policy of the House of Commons Commission increasingly to employ people on our own payroll. I assume that that is more cost-effective and results in better and more committed staff, who are much to be appreciated.</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/4">There have been some really good innovations in the past few years, including the exhibitions downstairs in Westminster Hall, which form part of the Education Service. There was one on the Act of Union, and another two in the year covered by the report. They were really good, interesting, informative and appreciated. I think that Westminster Hall is now used to better effect for educational purposes and for lobbies such as the one yesterday for pensioners. It is now a gathering place for lobbying groups and for education and exhibitions.</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/5">The art and photographs exhibited cyclically are hugely appreciated. We have the fantastic Gerald Scarfe cartoon exhibition in Portcullis House with really engaging, informative, educative and historical exhibits. There have been others&mdash;I think that the photographic exhibition on Disraeli and Gladstone was the last one. They are hugely welcome and add to the appropriately educative experience. Having said that, there was a glitch with the blessed water fountains in Portcullis House during the &quot;Open House&quot; weekend in September. As part of that weekend, Portcullis House was open, which is as it should be. We were open to the public, who could go up to the first floor and see the paintings and Select Committee Rooms, which is to the good.</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/6">I would like to plug something that has already been to Committee and been rejected. There is a suggestion that for a year we could have a composer in residence, as other public institutions have. I commend that idea. Live music is now occasionally played here&mdash;there was some earlier this week&mdash;in a way that does not distract Members or interfere with their work. We also need to be seen to be embracing the other arts in a set of buildings that themselves contain some fantastic art and architecture.</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/7">I commend the one-stop shop, which is very useful. On that I agree with the hon. Member for North-West Cambridgeshire. It was slow to take off and relatively under-used over the summer, when it was glad of customers. Such things are a matter of habit, though. I have had to remind myself not to walk over to 7 Millbank and instead to go and chat to people downstairs. That is a very good service, and I am grateful that it is there. It is a good innovation and I appreciate it.</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/8">There is a note in the report about an apprenticeships scheme. On that subject, my hon. Friend the Member for North Devon answered a written question from <phrase class="honfriend" id="uk.org.publicwhip/member/1623" name="David Willetts">the hon. Member for Havant (Mr. Willetts)</phrase> on <phrase class="date" code="2008-06-02">2 June</phrase>:</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/9" class="indent">&quot;For the past five years the House has also run a 'pre-apprenticeship scheme' sponsored by Mr. Speaker. This scheme offers students from Southwark an opportunity to spend one day per week for one school year in a work area of their choice. The scheme is being further developed for October 2008 so that the students who come to the House&mdash;around 10 to 12 per year&mdash;will spend two years here rather than one and will complete the first level of a modern apprenticeship.&quot;&mdash;[<phrase class="offrep" id="wrans/2008-06-02.568"><i>Official Report</i>, 2 June 2008; Vol. 476, c. 568W</phrase>.]</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/10">I commend that. Obviously, it benefits people in my borough. It is very important that we do our bit, both for apprenticeships and for employing people with disabilities. Are we up to the recommended national level? We were not when I last checked. Do we employ our fair share of people with disabilities and at all levels appropriate to employment in the House?</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/11">I endorse the comments made by the hon. Member for North-West Cambridgeshire on the ethnic mix of our work force, which is generally good&mdash;I have seen the figures. However, generally, those figures are biased towards the lower pay-grade end of the employment. Obviously we look to have a staff team that reflects the great diversity of Britain at all levels and as soon as possible. I would be grateful for some commendation of that.</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/12">I am keen for my hon. Friend the Member for North Devon to respond on a particular improvement that we must make. We do very well when visitors are in the building, but often it takes ages for them to get in. I was about to write formally on the issue, but did not do so because of this timely debate. I have received two significant complaints in the last two weeks about the time it takes to get people from the beginning of a queue into the building. Yesterday, pensioners who came to lobby told me that they were in the queue for an hour. Some were quite elderly and relatively disabled. A couple of weeks ago, people coming to a 6 o'clock meeting to which I was invited arrived before the meeting, but were unable to get through the system until quarter to 7. They observed that other visitors who were here to look at things and had no time commitment were moved past them.</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/13">We need a system like those in airports that can identify people who have an appointment at a particular time and ensure that they are processed quickly. That cannot be beyond the wit of our system. I ask my hon. Friend to raise that issue and for somebody to write to me and other hon. Members present to confirm that that will be done and that we will have a more user-friendly and efficient system for processing people. I understand that there are peak times, but I do not think that we manage this as well as we should. If that is people's first experience, it will take them a long time to recover, however good the experience is when they get through the door.</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/14">On current matters, I repeat the comment that is often made that we do not handle child care as well as we should. The issue with the cr&egrave;che is ongoing and goes back before my hon. Friend's time; perhaps he will touch on it. Colleagues in my party have asked me to raise it and I am happy to do so.</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/15">I have been asked to raise two issues on access to information. First, there is a strong feeling that we should allow clips of parliamentary debates to be used on YouTube and elsewhere. This issue is like the record of votes. That should be possible in a modern age. I am not bothered about the technical rules on the issue. Such websites are where people look for things and it would be good for Parliament if clips could be put on them.</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/16">Secondly, I understand that something we cannot do is make Bills available on the website. There is a campaign called &quot;Free our Bills! The Nice Polite Campaign to Gently Encourage Parliament to Publish Bills in a 21st Century Way, Please. Now.&quot; Apparently, it is not possible to get hold of a Bill and download it easily. I have not tried to do that, but others would find it useful. If that can be done, can it be done as soon as possible?</p>
	<p pid="a.155.1/17">My hon. Friend pointed out that in the future the big issue may be whether we can stay in the building. The House authorities appear to be dealing with that in the right way in doing a survey. As a London MP who is in and out of the building every week of the year, I know that a huge amount of work is done in summer. However, I can see the logic of the argument that there might be a better and more cost-efficient outcome if all the work were done in one go without having to stop and start several times. That would be the logical outcome and there are available options.</p>
</speech>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.157.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.157.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.158.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.158.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.159.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.159.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.159.1" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.159.1" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.159.2" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.159.2" matchtype="changes"/>
<speech id="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.159.2" speakerid="uk.org.publicwhip/member/1539" speakername="Nick Harvey" colnum="159"  time="015:49:00" url="http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200708/cmhansrd/cm081023/halltext/81023h0004.htm#0810241000221">
	<p pid="a.159.2/1">The hon. Gentleman is quite right. All that certainly helps the bottom line.</p>
	<p pid="a.159.2/2">I shall devote a few minutes to some of the points that the three Members who are still present have raised. I thank <phrase class="honfriend" id="uk.org.publicwhip/member/1475" name="Shailesh Vara">the hon. Member for North-West Cambridgeshire (Mr. Vara)</phrase> for his supportive remarks about the improvements to the House service and for his broad endorsement of our approach to the feasibility study into the big mechanical engineering project. I shall address his points on that now. As far as I know, it should not involve any major works in terms of the supply of services to the Palace, as it is overwhelmingly about the infrastructure within it. However, when we modernise and improve our infrastructure, if there is anything in the pipeline, by way of outside enhancements, it would make sense to do those things at the same time. In terms of the overall logistical headache, however, I do not think that that is a particularly huge element.</p>
	<p pid="a.159.2/3">Let me reassure the hon. Gentleman that I am convinced that the Board of Management takes ethnic employment very seriously. It is true that we do much better on those numbers at the lower levels in the House, as he has said, but I am absolutely confident that the board shares his, my and other Members' desire to see that spread all the way up, and that, without forcing the issue, it is determined that we will get there.</p>
	<p pid="a.159.2/4">My hon. Friend <phrase class="honfriend" id="uk.org.publicwhip/member/1831" name="Simon Hughes">the Member for North Southwark and Bermondsey (Simon Hughes)</phrase> talked about disabled employment. I was rather surprised to hear that the last time he looked we were not meeting quotas, because I had thought, when I answered questions on this issue, that we were well ahead on recognised national numbers. I will check that and come back to him.</p>
	<p pid="a.159.2/5">May I reassure the hon. Member for North-West Cambridgeshire that the commitment to greener procurement has not been kicked into the long grass? We are now procuring all our electricity from renewable sources, as the Deputy Leader of the House has pointed out, and we are doing many other things to ensure that we have greener procurement policies.</p>
	<p pid="a.159.2/6">I had a great deal sympathy for the points that the hon. Member for North-West Cambridgeshire made about the pricing structures in the Debate restaurant, and have fallen foul of them myself on occasion. I shall report it up the food chain, as it were, and I shall try to get the matter looked at. However, I have found that a little bit of haggling at the till can prove quite productive if one goes about it in the right way.</p>
	<p pid="a.159.2/7">The hon. Gentleman kindly said that there have been improvements to the website but highlighted the need for further improvements to navigation. I shall ensure that those remarks also go back to those responsible. He also commented on people getting wet while they queue to come into the building. It makes sense for me to address, with that issue, the remarks of my hon. Friend the Member for North Southwark and Bermondsey about the time that that takes.</p>
	<p pid="a.159.2/8">The new Cromwell Green entrance was built to speed up considerably the process of getting people through what is an enhanced security procedure into the building, and there are more channels open at any one time than there were before. That has been quite a major undertaking, and achieving a further exponential improvement of the sort that my hon. Friend has called for will probably require another investment on that sort of scale to bring people through somewhere else. I do not think that it is possible to get people through the Cromwell Green entrance any faster, but they are coming through much faster than they were under the previous systems.</p>
	<p pid="a.159.2/9">My hon. Friend acknowledged that there will be bulges when big lobbies are on, and I am afraid that unless we are to reduce the level of security, it will be hard to do very much, in an instant way, about that. He asked about having fast and slow tracks for people who do or do not have timed appointments, but that system is already operating. That is the purpose of the barrier that goes down the ramp&mdash;one side is for those who are queuing speculatively to come in, and the fast track is for those with timed appointments. If people with timed appointments have gone into the wrong queue, I suggest that there has been some miscommunication at the top of the ramp. Perhaps the situation has not been fully explained to them, or perhaps they have come during a bulge, when the fast and slow tracks are not operating quite as they should.</p>
</speech>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.161.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.161.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.161.1" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.161.1" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.162.0" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.162.0" matchtype="perfectmatch"/>
<gidredirect oldgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.162.1" newgid="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23b.162.1" matchtype="changes"/>
<speech id="uk.org.publicwhip/westminhall/2008-10-23a.162.1" speakerid="uk.org.publicwhip/member/1539" speakername="Nick Harvey" colnum="162"  time="015:49:00" url="http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200708/cmhansrd/cm081023/halltext/81023h0004.htm#0810241000225">
	<p pid="a.162.1/1">I repeat my enthusiasm to see the system trialled, piloted, to have problems smoothed out and to have it functioning in time for the intake of new Members after the general election, because that will be important.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/2">The Deputy Leader of the House also rightly pointed out the importance of our outreach work. He paid tribute to the new visitor attendants, as other Members did, and he made some very positive remarks about the expanded education service. As we have all noted, there are more and more people coming through into the House. Those arrangements are very successful, and I thank all those staff who are involved; perhaps I did not thank them as fully as I should have at the beginning of the debate.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/3">The Deputy Leader of the House also made some complimentary remarks about the website. It has improved but, as all Members have said, websites cannot stand still&mdash;we must constantly seek to make further improvements to them.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/4">My hon. Friend the Member for North Southwark and Bermondsey also paid tribute to the improvement in the services over the 25 years that he has been a Member. I am sure that it is quite true that there has been improvement, and all of us can see that.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/5">My hon. Friend also asked me about the cleaning dispute. There is a limit to what I can say about that. The House is not a party to the dispute, which was raised by the trade unions with the new contractor, but I will say as much as I helpfully can. A new contractor was appointed from <phrase class="date" code="2008-09-01">1 September</phrase> to take over the cleaning contracts. In response to a request from the House, the new contract was devised on the basis that far more cleaning would take place during the night than had been the case in the past. The second factor was that the new contractor's own preference was to employ full-time employees rather than part-time employees.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/6">All the workers coming over from the previous contractor to the new one are, of course, afforded the full protection of the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) provisions. I believe that I can fairly say that, in practice, there are fewer problems than the unions felt there would be at the outset. That is not to say that the dispute is entirely resolved, but the number of staff who are not happy about the arrangements being offered to them has diminished considerably. Some staff have taken other posts with the previous contractor; some have taken different posts with the new contractor; and others are being marshalled into one particular part of the estate and one particular part of the contract, where their preference for a different working system is being accommodated. I hope that good progress is being made towards a resolution of the dispute. However, I must repeat that the House is not a party to that dispute&mdash;it is a matter between the contractor and the work force.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/7">In answer to my hon. Friend's supplementary question, there is certainly no policy intention to shift towards internal employment of cleaners. I think that I am right in saying that the contracting out of the cleaning service happened at least 25 years ago, and I do not think that the House would seek to bring back cleaning staff within its own staff. That would certainly not be cost-effective, as many other organisations have found.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/8">My hon. Friend asked a number of other questions, the origins of which I possibly recognise. He asked about child care. That issue is something that arises from time to time. It was last looked at, in a very comprehensive way, in 2003, when a survey of all users of the estate was conducted. It was found then that there was a strong preference on the part of people working here who had young children that, instead of having child care facilities on site here, they would much rather have support through vouchers for facilities nearer their home. Many of our work force live in outer London boroughs, and they simply do not want to drag small children on the underground or public transport system and put them into a nursery in Westminster; they would much rather use facilities near their homes.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/9">It has been agreed in principle that there ought to be child care available for Members, as well as for members of staff and House staff. The Administration Committee is currently conducting another review and, I believe, another survey to see if the addition of that element of child care or any change in the view of the rest of the users of the estate since 2003 would imply any greater demand for facilities here. That research will be concluded in the next few months.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/10">A number of Members have said to me that, when there are suddenly unexpected votes and other parliamentary activities that have not been anticipated, some Members with small children find themselves in need of child care at short notice. I think that the House authorities recognise that issue. We are trying to see whether there is some ability to provide sudden, ad hoc and emergency child care facilities within the House, dedicating some space for those facilities and training some House staff to provide that child care. That work will be carried forward as best we can.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/11">I hesitate to get into the issue about video clips and hosting them on third-party websites. I have been asked about it on the Floor of the House and I have faithfully reproduced the answers that officials provided. I cannot pretend entirely to understand those answers and, having offered them, I am invariably besieged by letters, e-mails and complaints from all over the country and, indeed, from all over the world from self-styled IT experts, assuring me that what I am saying is absolute codswallop. For fear that that would happen again, I shall demur from going further into the matter. I know where my hon. Friend got that question from, and I will do my best to facilitate some further dialogue between those Members who wish to use video clips and House officials.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/12">I feel similarly hesitant about addressing the issue about the format of Bills. Again, I have had an answer from officials that does not seem to convince a number of other people, so further dialogue will be needed.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/13">On new contract methodologies, we are determined to learn lessons from things that have gone wrong in the past, which is why we commissioned a report. However, when contracts are above a certain size, we are bound by the same procurement regulations as everybody else.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/14">We are conscious of food miles; it is a factor that is part of our procurement policy. I also take my hon. Friend's point about lifts. It would be good for us to encourage people not to use them when it is not strictly necessary.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/15">Finally, on the vexed issue of bottled water, I have been personally sympathetic to those who raised that issue. I confess that I was quite sceptical about the first report produced by officials for the Administration Committee. The new director general of facilities, who is also sympathetic, has looked into the matter in some detail and has produced another report.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/16">It is perfectly feasible for us to provide tap water, but it is not quite as straightforward as it might look. Of course, putting water from a tap into a jug is a perfectly straightforward exercise, but keeping it supplied to Committee Rooms all over this building and in Portcullis House and ensuring that it is fresh, cold and palatable and that the jugs and glasses are clean is not entirely without logistical difficulties. It would be possible for us to turn over to use tap water, but it would cost us, surprisingly, quite a lot of money. That is something that the Administration Committee is looking at afresh, if I can put it that way, and we look forward to hearing from it in due course.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/17">I thank all the hon. Members who raised questions, and I will attempt to write to people on any unanswered points. I thank you, Miss Begg, for presiding over our proceedings.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/18" class="italic">Question put and agreed to.</p>
	<p pid="a.162.1/19" class="italic">Adjourned accordingly at nine minutes past Four o'clock.</p>
</speech>
</publicwhip>

